this is a seriously fast strong fighter jet plane for the military . this wheel is no good , no one should use this plane until the wheels are fixed . the propeller produces high mile per hour winds that can blow someone away . the propellers look small but do n't let that fool you . this is a test pilot with all the gear on , let 's fly .
a gray plane stands in a large room . three men working on the wing of a b-29 bomber in a hanger . the sculpture in he picture is of a military person an old military plane hangs in a building . the crest of an institution is displayed on the side of a building .
we thought we arrived early for the big book debut but apparently not . my friend was dressed in costume for the latest book in the series . we looked at all the other books waiting to get our hands on what we wanted . a guy their had the same glasses my friend was wearing . i finally got the book i came for after hours of waiting .
an airplane sits still on the ground , no longer in flight . several men working on the wing an airplane a statue is wearing old fashioned army clothing a large , grey aircraft hanging inside of a room . building with logo and wording of air command
the boy scout troop got to tour the local organization organization base . the boys loved seeing the fighter jets . they got to watch as one of them was serviced . everyone liked seeing the test dummy . the big hangar was beautiful . i hope the boys get to visit again next year .
an airplane in a hangar appears to be covered in tape . a group of young adults sit on the floor wearing festive glasses . a mannequin is dressed as a pilot in front of an old airplane . a military jet is parked inside of a hangar an image of a tall building with a military insignia on it
the class arrives for graduation . they all wait patiently to receive their diplomas . the girl has her picture taken with her sister afterwards . then she poses for a picture with her sister and brother . everyone is so excited for her .
a few students stand for their graduation ceremony a group of happy young adults at their graduation . a man puts his arm around a woman . three people smile and embrace each other , as they pose for the camera . a woman is sorting snacks on a plastic plate .
there are a lot of students graduating this year . everyone of them was so excited . there were a lot of friends and family that came to show support . i had a great time . i am very glad to finally graduate .
the graduates are wearing dark greens caps and gowns with yellow tassels . an image of a girl that is graduating high school happy smiling couple pose for the camera while on vacation . a group of people that are standing next to each other . lady in purple dress getting herself a snack
the graduates to be are nervous as they approach the stage . the daughter celebrates after graduating and receiving her diploma . family members are eager to congratulate the new graduate . friends from school laugh together for the last time before going their separate ways . a small luncheon is held so that family and friends may socialize and celebrate this happy occasion .
men and women wearing graduation caps and gowns are standing in rows . people in graduation robes are smiling in a blurry picture a man and woman are posing and smiling together group of young people smiling well posed for the picture inside a woman with long brown hair and dressed in purple prepares a plate of food while standing over a table .
the night sky lit up with fireworks . there were all colors , even yellows and reds . some floated down like golden rain . some burst in giant displays of red . sometimes , even two shone at once .
fireworks that are red are going off in the night sky white , orange and yellow fireworks exploding in the sky . a fireworks show exploding in the dark , not many colors . exploding fireworks taken during a display at a celebration . night sky with large gold and smaller red fireworks .
it 's normal to see fireworks like this one and they are a bit run of the mill . what 's neat though is to see things like this where the fireworks workers mess around and create something truly unique . their creativity continuing throughout the show . then before you know it they are back to the beginning again , only this time things are a bit different . there intention seems to almost be to bring the fireworks as close as possible .
an exploding firework during a firework display during a celebration . a picture of fireworks exploding in the sky . a large firework goes off in the night sky the large red fireworks explosion is lighting up the night sky the fireworks are displayed in multiple colors in the sky
we decided to go to the town fireworks on the fourth of july . the weather was perfect with a clear sky . there were some interesting shapes displayed . the colors were brilliant . the finale was awesome !
the red fireworks explode above the watchers bright set of fireworks going off together on a clear night . a firework is exploding and one is flying up about to explode . beautiful red fireworks seen on the clear sky a large burst of fireworks in the night sky .
there was a great turnout for the lecture . everyone was at attention waiting for the speaker . she was very knowledgeable and spoke well . she had everyone on the edge of their seats . many people took notes to remember her facts .
people sitting in a meeting hall watching a presentation . the students are waiting in the conference room for it to start . a woman speaking to an audience in front of a poster four men sitting in auditorium type seating looking in the same direction . a lady in a purple suit takes notes amid a room filled with people listening to the lecturer .
the speaker begins on her speech of how to help location with their draught . important people listen to the speaker on how to solve the problem . one way the speakers says is to levy a fine on people who water their lawn . everyone agrees this is one way to curb water usage . more than half the important people do n't think there is a water shortage .
students sitting at desks listen to instructor during classroom presentation . people at some type of conference most listening intently a woman in a green blouse is standing behind a podium and speaking into a microphone . four men sit in chairs as they listen to someone speaking . a group of people participating in a lecture .
at the tech conference , a woman gave a great presentation on cyber secuirt . people were really interested . another woman gave a presentation on international hacking threats . people took lots of notes . but most people were still in their hotel rooms , asleep .
people studying in classroom and watching at something on a projector screen the males are very attentive in church during bible study . speaking before the crowed the woman looked well in control of the situation . four men sitting listening to someone give a presentation , one taking notes on his laptop . people sit in rows of seats in a large room .
my husband made reservations for us at a very nice restaurant . they did n't give you much food . there was only a few tiny pieces of meat . my husband ordered the steak . our deserts then came .
tables being set for a very fancy diner . a small piece of meat is sitting on the plate the plate contains meat and greens on the side . pink and brown beef stacked up on a white plate . the delicate desserts are neatly lined on the plate .
five star restaurants are cool . the only problem is that sometimes style takes the place of quantity . and you get left with a disappointing plate . but that does n't happen if you know what to order . and then you can think about desert .
an elegant dining room being prepared for service . a very nice meal on a white plate with lettuce a slice of spam is sitting on a white plate with alfalfa sprouts . close up of very fancy rare steak with lots of garnish . six bite-sized desserts are lined up on a long , narrow table .
the restaurant we arrived at was beautiful we had reserved the entire place for ourselves the first course was diving and beautiful the second course was perfectly cooked dessert was to die for and topped the meal nicely
an empty dining room with people setting things up . a piece if meat with garnish and some sauce . a small square of some sort of meat sits on a white plate beside a smear of sauce and a small pile of green sprouts . a white plate with rare beef garnished with tomato on it . the sample of desserts are on the vertical plate
everyone from the town gathered to attend the homeowner 's association meeting . [female] did n't agree with some of the proposals raised at the meeting . [male] was just thinking about going home to eat some pizza and watch tv . the presenters made a joke about pooper scoopers . [male] looked at his wife who arrived late to the meeting .
a woman and tow men stand in front of a crowd . these people are in a room listening to someone speaking . a group of college aged kids sitting around watching something . a man and woman are smiling sitting next to each other . a group of people are sitting in folding chairs looking forward and one man looks back .
it was time for the navaro actors yearly guild meeting . [male] and [male] took the stage and started the talk . [male] was n't too happy about this because he had wanted to be one of the starters . [female] and kit enjoyed the starters though . [female] just was n't amused . she had had a bad day and just was n't feeling it .
people stand together on a stage while a crowd watches . people sitting in rows of folding chairs watching something . a group of people sitting and watching something . a man and female sitting side by side up against the wall a man in a black shirt is turning to look at something .
these three people are charged with consorting with satan deep in the forest at night . they plead innocent at the village meeting . [female] voted to drown them . [male] voted to stone them -- not with rocks , just some mushrooms he 'd saved from the druid daze festival . jen and tod abstained because they 'd been in the woods with the accused and did n't want to be ratted out . [male] ( who had n't been paying attention ) decided to vote with the majority . the accused will be stoned at dawn .
three people are standing in front of a hipster crowd . a woman looking very bored at a presentation the man in the black v-neck tshirt is playing close attention to the speaker . a man and woman sit next to each other smiling . a man that is sitting next to each other .
these two lovebirds are getting married today . here they are saying their vows . here they are posing with their official wedding certificate ! they wanted to make sure to get a photo of their rings too . and finally , this is the bridesmobile after the wedding !
a girl holds a bouquet in jeans and there is a hill far away in the background . the bride is sitting with her dress spread out around her and holding flowers . this image is of a woman in a white dress . the groom waits patiently beside the pastor in front of the wedding arch . newlyweds driving away from partygoers in a decorated car
[female] was at her sister 's wedding slaving away over making flower arrangements . she thought about how perfect her sister was and how she might never get married . her sister [female] was always the perfect one that got whatever she wanted . little did [female] know that her sister 's soon to be husband wondered if maybe he was marrying the wrong sister . well , it was too late know , he thoughtâ€¦ as they drove away .
a woman holds a bouquet of ribbons in a green lawn . a woman in a wedding dress posing for a picture a young looking girl in wedding dress inside a housue groom at the alter waiting with the priest for the bride to walk down . a woman that is inside of a wedding car .
the wedding we went to last week was really small . the bridge was very beautiful however . she was very happy . it was a quiet wedding in the backyard . afterward they drove off to their honeymoon .
two young girls standing in the green grass with shorts a smiling bride holds a bouquet and poses for a photo . a blonde haired bride is looking back over her shoulder . a groom and pastor stand outside a decorated floral arbor and await the bride . after the marriage they prepare to leave the ceremony
took a little road trip to a town i had never been to before . stopped by the jiffy plant for a few pictures . found this huge map on the side of a building that was helpful for getting around the town . ran across this building with interesting achitecture as i was driving around . last stop was the purple [female] before heading home .
a store corner named zou zous during a bright and sunny day . two buildings with the brand `` jiffy '' on them . the map of the city is largely displayed on the brick wall . there are two cars parked in front of the old stone building . the sign against the bricks is for the purple [female] .
this town was famous , well kind of . [female] white holmes was from here and in 1930 she invented jiffy mixes . a map on a wall directed you on a walking tour . you could visit the old mill . if that did n't float your boat , you could always go to the purple [female] .
a red brick building in some town 's downtown area . a famous company advertises on the side of the buildings . large intricate city map on a red brick wall . ornate well built new looking stone house with 2 cars parked in lot a marquee sign reads `` purple [female] '' against a brick background
[male] wanted to visit the jiffy mixes plant . he pulls up to the plant in excitement . this is the real jiffy plant he thought to himself . he tries to find some parking for the plant but is unable to find a spot to park . so he parks his card in in town square and walks over to the plant .
a red brick building with a gray awning on the corner of the block . commercial signs are painted on the sides of industrial buildings . a large map of the [location] area , mounted outside on a brick wall , people and a car around it . a large building that has two cars parked in front of it . the name of an establishment is on a sign on a building .
traffic was heavy . the stop light had stopped working . someone called the police . the policeman got out to direct the traffic by hand . one driver paid no attention and caused an accident .
a couple of cars are parked behind a white line in a city a busy street in a city with many cars waiting to move forward a police vehicle stands watch over protesters on a city street . the cops were blocking the streets so that the protest could go on a man is standing in the street with a sign
today there was a protest . lot 's of people came . there was police there as well . people stood outside with signs . it was a chaotic day .
traffic making its way down a three lane , one way , city street . .group of cars waiting at stop line in traffic lanes . a police car blocks off the street for a stream of demonstrators to pass . a group of protesters hold signs in an urban area . a man stands in the foreground protesting for a cause .
the last bit of traffic filtered through the streets . in just a few minutes , the road would be blocked off to make way for the protesters . the police , enforcing the right to free speech , used their suvs to block traffic so the protesters could take to the streets . `` down with the banks ! '' they chanted . though one man used the opportunity to tell a different story .
the three lanes on the street only went one way . cars waiting to go on a busy street in the city . police car parked in the center of a road at a rally . the people stood in the middle of the square an african-american male is standing on the street wearing a political sign .
[male] and [female] finston were married at organization organization organization organization last saturday . the inside of the church was lit in candles . there was a guest book for family and friends to sign . after the ceremony , guests waited for the happy couple to exit the church . [male] and [female] were all smiles when they came outside and drove off to enjoy their reception .
a white church 's spire juts up into the sky . many candles are lit up in front of a plant . a dark brown desk with a notebook and rose petals on it a group of people that are near the church . a bride and groom walking through a shower of bubbles .
my best friend finally got married and the wedding ceremony was held at a beautiful church . the decor inside was wonderful , with lit candles adorning the church . there were also flower petals which added a very romantic touch . after the ceremony was over , everybody gathered outside since it was a lovely day . at the reception , the bride and groom danced until the very late evening .
a very big church building that stands very tall . more than a dozen white candles burning their wicks . flower petals laying out on a table with an open notebook between them . group of well dressed people standing outside two big wooden doors . a bride and groom are walking hand in hand and smiling as well-wishers blow bubbles .
the steeple on the little country church had been repaired especially for her . candles were everywhere . [female] petals had been tossed on the furniture and the floor . it was a special day for everyone in the town . it 's not everyday a country music singer got married in their hometown .
a white chapel during a sunny and bright day . flames on white candles of various sizes behind green leaves . among rose petals , a sign-in book is displayed . crowd of people heading toward the entrance of a church a bride and groom have just gotten married .
my sister recently graduated college . graduation was held outdoors on the athletic field . my mom and dad was happy to attend . uncle [male] even came from location . the biggest surprise came last when my brother showed up from location .
a graduate wearing a gown taking a photo with two other people a woman who is graduating walks across a field someone speaks at a podium during a graduation ceremony . an outdoor graduation ceremony with a stage that graduates are walking across . a young female graduate poses with her grandfather .
the mom and dad are so proud of their daughter . she is going to get her diploma , what an honor ! the podium was well decorated . it was a great experience . there was so many graduates getting their diplomas today . a proud parent with his daughter , at the graduation .
just graduated and now it 's time to start my life , off i go . three women walk across a field at their college graduation ceremony . male student addresses his class mates at graduation ceremony . students accept their diplomas at a graduation ceremony . an older man and a woman in a graduation robe smiling .
this is [female] with her mom and dad at the end of the proudest day of her life -- college graduation ! [female] felt like she was in a dream as she and her classmates walked to their seats . she 'd worked so hard to earn her diploma . there were several speakers before [female] received her diploma . her best friend was valedictorian and gave a rousing speech . there 's [female] getting her diploma . she could n't stop smiling . [female] 's grandfather was so proud he gave her a big hug ! then the family went to [female] 's favorite restaurant to celebrate . it was a night [female] will always remember .
a young lady poses with family after graduation . graduating students positioning themselves to play instruments on a field . a man speaks at the podium at a graduation . a outdoor graduation ceremony for a graduating class a young woman at graduation held by an older man .
my friends and i went to a conference about three miles away . i took several pictures with associates . the living room was very well furnished . i also had a great time exploring the hallway . before we went to sleep , i took this picture with one of my friends .
two men dressed up getting their photo taken . two males posing for a photo in a room , one sitting in a chair and the other sitting on the arm of the chair . two men are sitting in a house with light decorations . a bust of [male] hanging in the hallway of a very posh house . two young fellows very happy to be sharing a bright yellow throw smile at the camera .
i went to a house party to visit with friends . there were a few friends i had n't seen in a while . it was really great to catch up with them . i saw some really nice displays as i wandered around the house . but it ended up being a crazier party than i expected and a bunch of us had to spend the night .
two men in suits stand next to each other and pose for a picture . two men pose for a picture while one sits on the other people enjoying a holiday get together in a gorgeous home . a bust of [male] 's head hangs in the hallway . two men lying on a couch , posing for a picture .
i was invited to my friend 's new home . he was a terrific artist . many of our childhood friends came too , it was like a reunion . the whole house had a artsy vibe to it . a lot of religious symbolism scattered about . who says you ca n't have a sleep over in an artist 's house ?
two men stand together in front of a painting . two men posing with one another one is sitting down a ram 's head hangs on the wall over the television . people are exiting a yellow hallway with treats on the table a black man and an asian man sleeping together and smiling .
the school was full of information . the men we 're dressed in safety suits . i did n't know how well organized the event was . all the men were coordinated . i drove my car home .
a woman is looking at signs posted . those vests are super bright , where can i get one . a bunch of people are walking and holding banners people in [location] are having a protest outside the house of their municipal even if its too hot . a man in a yellow vest is handing the driver of an orange car a slip of paper .
these fellows are organizing the demonstration . the participants don their vests . the demonstration is peaceful . the word is being spread to passers by . the demonstration os over and the participants return home .
a woman looking at many signs posted on boards . a group of people wait at a bus stop . marchers on roadway carrying large banners near bus depot . several people wearing yellow vests with blue signs at a protest in [location] a person in a safety vest giving instruction to a person in an orange car .
the action day event had plenty of information available for its attendees . the staff worked very hard to maintain safety and security throughout the event . people from all walks of life came to participate . the march wrapped up and a great time was had by all . we were having so much fun leaving was the hardest part of the day .
the lady is looking at the signs that are displayed in the hall way . men wearing yellow vests walking through bus area . picture of some people walking outside carrying banners and flags . a group of people are standing outdoors during the day with a flag that says [location] . a man handing a paper to a person in a car .
everyone 's bike was set up for the journey . there were so many lanes to overcome before moving onto a clear land . [male] did n't look excited , but more focused . my wife was very patient since she does n't have much experience riding bikes . i could n't recall a part of the journey involving a public display of affection .
a woman in a jacket riding over railroad tracks . photo of a man on a bike with a short haircut dressed in casual clothing . everyone left their bikes at the train station before boarding 1 man riding a bicycle past another empty bicycle a couple kiss on the street by their bikes
she met him when she was out for a ride . they hit it off immediately . they would park their bikes and take the train . most of her friends rode bike to the station and mr. [male] was no exception . when he saw them kissing , she was quite embarrassed and she did n't know why .
the woman on the bike is wearing a leather jacket and boots . a man riding on a bike on the side of the street the bikes are all parked in front of the train station stop on one side . the man is riding his bike passing another bike on side of trail the couple is taking a break from bike riding to embrace .
cycling is very popular in our city . people ride for recreation and transportation . sometimes you see more bikes than cars on the roads . many people commute daily on their bicycles . people here certainly love cycling .
a woman rides her bicycle over the railroad tracks . man riding on a bicycle outside on the pavement a train is yellow wit ha blue stripe the man is dressed ibn black coat and is riding a bicycle a couple embraces at a street intersection with the bicycles parked at their side .
last weekend all of us went out to a bar in downtown . they served a lot of drinks there . we drank a lot . we all had such a great time . we stayed until early morning .
a guy and a girl smiling happily at night . a girl sits at a bar while the bartender hands her a drink . a woman at a bar about to take a shot of alcohol the two woman are hugging and they seem very happy . two women that are drinking at a party
[female] went with her friends to the bar . they had drinks and laughed . then [female] had shots . drinking games are fun for [female] , she convinced one friend to join her . all her friends then joined her in a drinking game .
a young couple poses for a photo indoors . bartender pouring drink for woman seated at bar . a woman giving a face at a bar , while ready to take a shot . two woman that look like sisters having fun at a bar two girls holding drink glasses while staring at something not shown .
when she goes out she always has a great time . she loves sitting at the bar , drinking and talking with the bartender . friends are always there to have fun also . there is always a lot of drinking , talking , and just having a good time !
close-up of a couple sitting together smiling . a tattooed bartender serves a drink to a female patron . a girl with pink beads getting ready to do a shot two women huggin in a sports bar late at night two girls are enjoying some drinks in a bar
i love the view from my hotel room . i can see lots of famous buildings and i 'm located in the center of town . my favorite structure is this tower . unfortunately today i have not solemn plans on my agenda . paying a visit to the graveyards of soldiers that fought for our county .
a picture of the [location] monument from a distance . a view of [location] [location] with the capitol building in the background . a moment of silence at this memorial outside [location] [location] [location] . thousands of white headstones in straight lines in a cemetery . a military graveyard with neat headstones in rows in the fall .
last week i decided to drive out into the city to visit the cemetery . it was deep in downtown so i had to drive through rush hour traffic to get there . when i got there i made sure to read every gravestone that i passed by . there were so many graves there . i did n't have time to visit all of them .
the needle tower is far away and towers over the stadium . a top view of the buildings of a city . woman in shades standing next to stone monument in this military cemetery all the tombstones are the same . an image of a cemetery with a row of headstones
looking at the location monument on out bedroom window . also was able to see the capitol . then we went to visit the location location location . walking through the cemetery . in the end we placed a red roses at the grave of a special fallen soldier , our grandfather .
a picture taken from the window looking at a few buildings and one tall one . the [location] [location] capital building emerged from city a young woman strikes a serious pose in front of a stone engraved with a speech from [male] f. [female] . wide shot of a group of unmarked tombstones white gravestones standing in rows in a partially shaded cemetery .
i got to pick out my first pumpkin to carve , today ! my sister and brother were there , too . i really think my sister got the biggest one out of all of us ! my brother insists his is the best , though . i 'm just happy that i had fun today , and i want to do it again , sometime !
a young girl smiles while sitting beside pumpkins a young boy and young girl pose by their pumpkins out on the lawn . a little girl with glasses that is hugging a pumpkin . a child that lays his hands on top of the pumpkin . a little girl poses for a picture surrounded by four pumpkins .
the whole family went out to the pumpkin patch together . the brother and sister chose one pumpkin each . the sister was so happy with hers ! the brother also loved his pumpkin . the other sister was happiest of all , though , because she got four pumpkins .
a young girl smiles while sitting with some pumpkins . fall has arrived as the siblings pose with their robust orange pumpkins . a child that is laying on the grass and hugging a pumpkin . a little boy leaning against a pumpkin in front of a tree . a little girl laying in the grass next to 4 pumpkins .
it 's been two weeks since the pumpkins first appeared , the kids do n't seem to know any better . these pumpkins have murdered over 40 people nation wide , it 's good that the kids do n't know we 're being held hostage . this pumpkin could snap at any second and cut off my daughters head , i almost vomited after this picture . look how happy he is , he does n't know the damage this pumpkin has caused . it 's like the pumpkins are mocking me , they know how much these pictures hurt my soul .
little girl sitting in the grass surrounded by pumpkins my children look adorable posing behind the pumpkins in our backyard . a little girl is hugging a bright orange pumpkin . a boy rests his head on a large pumpkin . a little girl is posing next to pumpkins outside
the students arrived to learn how to ride horses . they learn new techniques to lead the horse . then they had a chance to practice their new skills . after that they listened while the instructor gave them some advice . when the class was complete , they got together for a group photo .
an image of a group of people on horses riders on horseback are riding around an indoor arena . a man wearing a helmet rides atop a horse in a large building . a man instructs while others sit on horses a group of people standing side by side and up against a wooden fence
the group continued to practice for the horse show later on in the evening . they trained their horses thoroughly and made sure they were ready to make an impression . each rider has immaculate control of their horse . they listened to the instructor carefully to ensure the show went as smooth as possible . before the show started , they posed for a group picture .
people with helmets on in a line on horses . people are riding horses inside a barn with lights a man wearing a helmet sits atop a brown horse . a man speaks in front of two equestrians and their coaches . group shot of police officers and young red-shirt volunteers
today i got to ride horses . my friends also rode them with me . i nicknamed this guy seabiscuit . it is so much fun to ride horses , they go so fast . i ca n't wait to do this again next year .
a row of people wearing helmets and riding horses . a man in a red shirt riding on a horse in an inside arena . tall man sitting straight on a horses back . man speaking to crowd with equestrian riders nearby . the police , as well as police trainees , pose for a picture for the website .
[male] is getting ready to have a few friends over to drink and hangout . [male] is on his way to [male] 's to see some of his old college friends . some friends have already arrived and begun drinking . once the girls arrive they take some photos posing together . by the end of it all , [male] is passed out in a recliner while everyone else has left .
in an older photo , a man sits in one room and through the doorway to the kitchen , there 's a bearded man smiling at another person . the man is seated in the car taking a picture through the mirror three young men enjoying a pizza dinner are sitting on the couch . three girls are sitting beside each other and looking at the camera . a man is leaning in a chair with his eyes closed
busted surfing porn . they all laughed at him . his girl friend did n't mind though , in fact , it turned her on . she kind of liked this new friend he had brought over . in fact , she liked him more than just a little .
someone drinking by the refrigerator under the ceiling fan . a man is taking a picture in a car 's mirror men are sitting on a couch and eating pizza three young women sitting and posing for a photo . a man in brown jacket asleep on a cheap chair .
when we got to our friend 's apartment we went into the kitchen to start developing some of the film for the pictures we took . [male] apparently is n't a safe driver because he likes to take pictures when he 's driving . most of the pictures just showed the guys sitting on the couch hanging out . their girlfriends must have gotten a hold of the camera and took some selfies . one of our friends is n't very lively during parties and often times falls asleep .
a men holding a beer standing in a door way while another is sitting down in the forefront . a man takes a selfie of himself in the car 's rearview mirror . a group of people that are sitting next to each other . a group of women that are next to each other . a man in a brown jacket is sleeping in a recliner .
everyone got together for mother 's day . three generations sat at the table for a big lunch . then it was time for a delicious cake . after that they gave each other mother 's day cards . finally the cat got some attention to during the visit .
three females of varying ages sit together at a meal . woman holding a pink card with large red heart . hands holding dentyne gum with a [organization] gift card inside . a woman smiles while laying next to a sleeping cat . a pink cake with strawberries on it is missing a slice .
the family gathered for mother 's day . this woman received a card . she also got a sears gift card . afterwards they played with the cat . they ate delicious strawberry cheesecake after dinner .
three women sitting at a table holding forks . a woman is holding a mothers day card . someone is holding a [organization] gift card and a pack of dentyne ice gum . a girl with long curly hair is laying on the floor with her gray cat . a cake with pink frosting and strawberries on top with one slice missing .
this year i went home to spend mother 's day with mom and grandma . i gave my mom a homemade greeting card which she simply adored . mom got some of her favorite gum as a gift . i also got to spend time with the cat . we had a delicious strawberry pie after dinner .
three women sitting at a table enjoying a dinner together a woman is showing a mother 's day card . someone is holding a red sears gift card that is sitting in a pack on gum . a woman is taking a picture with her cat on the floor a delicious cake sitting on a cake platter .
went to the horse race and right away there was some excitement as a jockey lost control . the rider and his horse were okay but you could really see his dissapointment . during a race like this the obstacles make winners and losers . this rider was having trouble coming off the jump . this rider who lost control earlierin the race was still there at the end . i felt quite bad for him .
two jockies jumping their horses over a fence a person that has fallen off of a horse he fell off the horse and lay face down in the grass . a pair of jockeys race and jump obstacles , the one behind looks about to fall . a horse rider is sitting next to a fence with people watching from behind it .
i got on the horse with my friend to practice around the track . however , we noticed that someone had fallen . their horse had also tripped over . we stopped practicing to see if she was all right . she seemed to be fine and just upset .
two horses racing over a steeple searching for victory . horses continue to go by a fallen jockey . people standing behind a white fence are watching a jockey and horse who are both lying on the ground . horses carry their riders across a grass obstacle course . a person is sitting ona grass field with short grass
[male] loved being a jockey . but falling off his horse was embarrasing . he watched all the other horses and jockey 's pass him by . he watched all the horses pass the finish line . he thought he was going to cry .
two jockey seriously riding their horse jumping over the fence . a person is on the ground near a horse an equestrian falls face first into the ground with his horse ahead of him . two horses running in front of a brown house . jokey sitting on the grass of an enclosed space and being watched by other people
my friends and i all dressed for a party ! these people stretch on for miles ! such an exciting night everyone is having fun ! look at these crazy characters ! these guys were my favorite , they were so weird !
a group of people in their halloween outfits . the crowds of people are waiting patiently outside . a large group of people congregating on a city street the party seemed to go downhill from the moment they arrived . men and women in costume gather together , including two really pale , pasty , awkward men in diapers .
these friends were some kind of evil demons and demons . this lady did a great medusa . the halloween party was on , and there were lots of costumes to see . this guy found an interesting way to proposition women . but in the end , no one could compete with this perfect terminator .
a group of friends dressed up for halloween . a group of people wearing costumes in a busy city street . the crowd is out in the lighted street at night . a drunk , disgusting woman in costume with a man in diapers and sign asking to breastfeed on halloween . adult men dressed up as babies and holding a sign
we were ready for a night of partying out of the town . apparently , so was the rest of the city ! it was a huge turnout ! we could n't all fit inside , so we just partied on the street . we saw some pretty disturbing costumes . but everyone was obviously having a good time , and that is what we were that for !
a group of people are wearing a lot of costumes people , some dressed in costume , among a large gathering on a street at night . a bunch of people are gathered on a street at night a couple is shown wearing a costume for a party . the lady in the mddle is dressed in ared gown
the family got together to go to the fair . when they arrived they saw some airplanes in the back of a truck . the kids had a hard time deciding what to ride first . then they played some games to win prizes . finally they played the dart game .
two girls smiling while sitting in a cart for a carnival ride . taken at some sort of carnival , the camera captured the movement and lights of the amusement ride . two children riding on a dragon roller coaster large stuffed neon ape toys hang from the ceiling of a carnival game . a mother and her daughters look at a carnival game .
we had an exciting day at the fair ! the lights lit up the night and the rides made us all dizzy . the dragon coaster was mom 's favorite . the arcade games had the funniest stuffed monkeys as prizes . we threw a million darts trying to win one !
two young western children on an amusement park ride blurred image of multi colored lights and trees . children sit strapped onto a rollercoaster in the form of a dragon a roof shot of several plush monkeys in various colors a woman and two girls look at a dart-toss carnival game 's balloons .
[female] and [female] are having a great time at the carnival on the rides . whoa , exclaims [female] and [female] as the ride speeds up and goes faster . now onto the dragon ride . [female] and [female] are having a blast . [female] tries to win a stuffed prize for [female] . she knows that [female] loves monkeys . [female] and [female] notice another family playing another type of prize game and decides to try it out when they are finished before leaving the carnival .
two young ladies on a black amusement park ride at a carnival . a pink balloon in front of a setting sky . a little girl is smiling while sitting in a dragon head car of a roller coaster . colorful stuffed monkeys hanging from the ceiling and along the wall of a carnival booth . a woman and some children are standing in front of some balloons
there is music being played tonight . they all got together to have a little jam session . people are invited over to hang out and have some fun . people are showing up to share in the festivities of the night . a great night of music and great company .
the middle-aged man is playing guitar hero on the console . two people are in a living room playing guitar . a woman wearing a party hat is singing into a microphone in a living room setting . four people playing a band based video game . the people are sitting down watching the tv together .
i spent a lot of time playing with my friends yesterday . we all played on my new gaming system . we played a lot of songs on it . there was a lot of fun to be had . afterward we sat together to watch the news .
he picked up the guitar to show off to his friends a man and woman are playing guitar hero in a living room . my friend thinks she is good at singing , but she only sings one song ever when we do karaoke . four people playing rock band together in a living room . a group of individuals are watching a production on television .
our whole family is musical . when we get together at christmas , it turns into an open mic night . [male] grabs a guitar , and his wife , [female] , joins him . then [female] starts singing . and everybody joins the fun . when they finally get tired of performing , they drink wine and watch movies .
a man playing guitar hero with a big flatscreen tv . a man and a woman with big pretending to play them next to each other . a group of people that are enjoying a video game . a group of middle aged people playing rock band . a group of people at christmas time watching the television .
going on a lovely date with this beautiful lady . here we are at b & t steaks and seafood . gon na be great ! ! ! here we are , my friend came along for support with his date . here is my food , looks oh so good . here is hers and it also looks good . i wan na ask her if she 'll share .
a man is on his phone in a restaurant . a woman looks bored in her seat at a bar featuring whiskey . asian people are sitting at a table and socializing , except for the lady in pink the three men sit at the table while they discuss business . the three boys are sitting and enjoying a laugh
it was our first dinner with our families . it was a chance for them to meet before my fiance and me got married . it was a bit nerve wracking , but we held in there . her mom an dad were actually pretty cool people . overall i think it went pretty well .
a man at a restaurant uses his phone a lady is looking at the corner of the room in front of the camera . four people are sitting and talking at a restaurant . a group of asian individuals are laughing at the dinner table . three asian men sitting and smiling with bottles behind them
our family went to dinner that evening . [female] really liked the food . everyone had lively conversation . and we saw friends we had n't seen in a while . everyone was satisfied at the end .
a man is looking at his phone at the table . a woman sitting at this bar looks disinterested . a large group of asian adults are at a dining table in a restaurant . some people are at a dinner at a restaurant posing for a photo . three men sitting down in front of alcohol .
the family went to a local football game . before the game , the kids played on the course . everyone had a good time chasing each other . one little kid had the ball , and made a touch down . some of the players were kind enough to take a picture with us .
a crowd of people standing by near a restaurant . a sign that say pegasus is on a building next to a casino . remnants of snowfall festoon a large home , but cleared streets and sidewalks allow for safe passage . mean are walking around checking out an [organization] event . a man is running really fast with a football .
the city is busy with people . it is dark but the people are having a great time . the building outside the city is snowy . a small camp is going on inside for people to work on their football skills . they get to train with local football players .
people standing in like outside to eat while its snowing city buildings at night with glowing neon lights . a winter scene of a home with snow covered landscaping . there are men attending an [organization] event in front of a large [organization] display . man in yellow shirt running an obstacle course carrying a ball .
we headed out on the town at night . it was lit up beautifully . we walked the town a lot during that time . we went to a few awesome exhibits . it got a little weird sometimes .
a number of people standing in front of a restaurant . signs that are lighted up from the city large home with snow covered grass area and hedges . an indoor event for the [organization] with the floor made to look like a football field a man wearing neon green shirt is playing at one of the game at the event .
moving to location was a huge decision . my family and i decided to go before we ever saw the raw beauty . the mountains and oceans merge together from all spots in cordova , location . we moved there last year to pastor a small church that is smack dab in the middle of the wilderness . we even discovered a hidden castle behind a small mountain that was built many years ago . no matter where i stand , i find the majesty of location . there are snow covered mountains and crystal blue oceans in all directions .
the mountain peaks are covered in white snow . a smooth lake reflecting tall , green and rocky , snowy mountains a mountain and large body of water stand in the background of a field . large castle type building on top of a mountain . the trees are growing up to the snow covered mountains .
we went to location and saw all the old castles . the scenery was beautiful . i dream of living in a castle like that . we went to a funny gift shop . they wold a lot of interesting things .
several mountain peaks are standing tall and are snow covered . the mountains overshadowed the beautiful pristine waters and its grassy hills . you can see the mountains in the distance behind the small town . a tan-colored castle stands atop a hill on a bright , sunny day . a very high mountain covered in snow with trees leading up to its base .
i stayed at a castle when i was on vacation last week . the lake was beautiful . the castle resort was huge . i could n't understand the language so it made the signs hard to read . afterward i bought a blanket .
tall mountains with snowy peaks stand in contrast to a blue sky . a beautiful lake sits in front of large snow covered mountains . farmland and scenic vista with rolling green hill in the background cream colored castle with turrets on a hill during the day . a mountain peak covered in snow under a bright sun .
there was lots to see and do at the festival , including listening to unusual instruments . many stalls had handmade clothing and one even had dresses specifically for little girls . as part of the festival grounds , there were also numerous sculptures that one could touch . many stalls were adorned with handmade glass bottles . by midday thousands were in attendance , the biggest turn out yet !
people walk down the street on a nice day women are browsing in a small art gallery . two women looking at ceramic pots at an outdoor crafts market . people playing music for everyone to hear , they are good . a little girl in a pink dress is looking at scarves .
we go to the town fair . there was a lot of food and we saw everyone we knew . they had awesome souvenirs for sale . then they put on a show . we all had a blast , it was time to go
a large crowd gathered under the flags near the tents . women are standing around looking at assorted artwork ladies looking at shelves with a variety of vases . a man blowing into a giant horn and a woman playing flute . a young blond girl with a pink shoulder bag is looking at colorful scarves
we went to the fair this weekend and i could not believe how many people were there . everyone was having a great time . there were shops set up for all kinds of crafts . i wanted to look at some hand made plates . these glass vases were beautiful glittering in the sun . there was music playing everywhere . is listened to a gentleman playing a traditional didjeridoo . then it was off for more shopping . even the kids found something to catch their eye .
a crowd of people walk through a street festival with white tents . several women looking at designer plates and being reflected on a mirror . two women look at ceramics at an outdoor market . an old man is playing a strange looking instrument . the woman next to him is playing the flute . they seem to be performing . a young girl in a pink monkey dress looks at colorful scarves on display .
a group of friends wanted to hang out one night . drinks were provided every minute and no one left sober . hank had four beers and began discussing soil science . jerimiah was so wasted he saw doubles of everything in the bar . a fun night in the bar ended with a mischievous night out on the streets .
a group of young adults sit outside and drink on an outdoor patio of a restaurant . people are enjoying themselves at tables outside of a bar . a man with glasses sits at his table for his meal a man is sitting at a bar with an empty bottle in front of him . two women are standing outside in a line
having a good time with friends . gathering the glasses and the drinks . taking shots with his friends . feeling dizzy after a couple of shots . ready to call a cab and go home .
people are in a bar with low lights with drinks young people enjoy drinks at the local bar a man sitting at a table with a bottle of beer and some empty glasses . a blurred man in a dark room in a striped shirt . two woman standing near a bench at night in a blurry photo
my friends dragged me to this strange party . they said it would be a party i 'd never forget . then i noticed the radioactive ore behind me . i could feel it changing my body . suddenly , i had the power to cause motion blur whenever i wanted ! my other friend gained the power to turn into a black woman . what a strange party indeed .
a group of friends sit around a table having drinks at night . people are gathered at night around a table with empty glasses the man is sitting at the table with a beer . a blurry image of a man that is having fun . a blurry photo of two women standing outside near a bench
the truck was orange and rusted . the tires were in a close jumble . the bus was broken down and rusted . the bus was well prepared and old . inside , i could see the interior .
deteriorating truck in the middle of the wilderness a large pile of used and dirty tires near a building a truck in a yard with other vehicles is broken in half . a used vehicle that has been vandalized on . the interior of a dilapidated bus with a view of a street .
i had never actually been to a junk yard before . look at all of these tires ! somehow i just felt this could make a really great picture for a wall , maybe the office . this bus had definitely seen it 's better days . notice anything different about it ?
broken down construction truck sitting among brush and weeds large assortment of used tires stacked neatly outside . a very old and wrecked van was place at the backyard a recreational vehicle covered in paint on the roadside . an old , damaged , dirty vehicle looks out into a salvage yard .
an old white bus sank into a junkyard ground . many rows of old tires were stored in a dirty room . there was an old silver rv that looked like it needed some cleaning up . there was a cluttered room that appeared to be the junkyard office . a man basked in a beam of light coming in from a hole in a ceiling .
a heavy truck sits rusting , forgotten with several other vehicles . the old tires are gathered and ready to be burned an old run down bus sits abandoned in a lot . an old winnebago is covered in dirt and rust the inside of an old , dirty van , facing the front .
today i 'm going to see my son 's art . it says it 's all over town , let 's go . oh my ! this is mr. limpet , beautiful ! ok , our son is a little bit on the weird side but we love that about him . here is one that hangs around the top of the town , i love this !
a man is sitting on a chair by himself . a man is hunched down looking at something a sculpture of a fish is displayed with the name [location] the fish statue is in the water fountain outside a colorful ballon sits on the ground by the grass
[male] is an artist , but not your regular kind . he creates some amazing lawn sculptures . some have even been on display in art galleries . and a lot are on display all the time at office buildings . he even has one here in our local park .
an older man is sitting in blue chair in the living room . an older man bending down to take a closer look at something a fish sculpture styled like an airplane cap is on display . a fish in the fountain is colorful and has flowers a statue of a fish has been painted in bright colors and placed on a sidewalk .
a old man was sitting at his house . his daughter visited him and showed several interesting pictures from her last trip . there was a lot of unusual fish sculptures . they were pretty amusing and funny . even places these fishes located were strange .
man sitting in a blue arm chair over grey carpet . a middle aged man cutting up a tree stump a blue and silver fish with a hat on display colorful fish sculpture in the middle of a fountain . a multi colored inflatable fish on a sidewalk .
i went to see my team , organization organization play for the title we have great athletes who can really jump . the game was back and forth for much of the game . we were up with the game almost over . we won the game and celebrated victory .
a basketball player in white that is making a goal . a black guy jumps in the air at a basketball game two teams and the fans watch the ball in the basket . a basketball player raises his hand as a victory symbol a group of people celebrating something together in a crowd
the day had finally entered it 's second half . everyone was on pins and needles . the game was so close through every second of the game . but finally the momentum started to shift . and one team managed to come out on top .
a basketball player that is making a slam dunk a basketball game showing players around the basked three of them white jersey 's one in red , and one of the white jersey players has the ball up in the air . the basketball players are looking at the ball in the hoop . a basketball player trying to block another player by holding his arm up we were streaming for our team as they were winning
the basketball player went for a slam dunk . he missed but still managed to catch the ball . then he went for another slam dunk . the ball went into the hoop . after that the crowd cheered .
there are two teams on the court playing basketball . a man is jumping in the air for a basketball rebound . a ball falls through the hoop while fans cheer . basketball player celebrates play with a fist pump . group of people celebrating with their arms raised
superbowl sunday is a day when many people have parties . friends and family gather to watch the game . it does n't matter if their favorite team is playing or not , the game is exciting for everyone . people will stay glued to the television . whether you have a large gathering or not , it can be a great time .
a candid picture of a man by a messy table . a woman smiles and eats as she sits on a couch with others . a family watching a football game at home . eight people are sitting on a couch and chairs around a coffee table in a living room . the men are sitting in the living room and discussing something on tv
uncle [male] was in charge of the drinks for the superbowl party . my siblings were all excited for the game . a missed pass had everyone groaning . almost everyone was absorbed by the game except mom . cousins [male] and [male] were relegated to the basement because they were steeler fans .
a older man is sitting next to a table with drinks . three people are seated at the same brown couch a man that is watching the television screen . the family is sitting around on the sectional couch . two [organization] [organization] fans are enjoying game day .
dad , ready for the game , his face when i told him it was cancelled . caught little man trying to steal some drinks . mom done such a great job with the kids . the game was on , but the guys kept shushing us the whole time . they was fine after their team won .
a upper middle aged man sitting at a table of various sodas . three people on a couch at a party , one eating cake . party in a home with food and drink while watching a sporting event on television . a group of people that are sitting next to each other . two men sit at a table in front of a sofa .
last holiday , we gathered at my moms . she had a wide variety of fruit and drinks . i brought our baby along in celebration . my neighbor also came and had a lot of fun with us . towards the end of the night , we took a group picture .
a family gathered around a wood table in a living room with a toddler eating his brightly colored toys . small gathering for food attended by young and old alike . glass filled with beverage stands next to fruits and bottles . a man is drinking a glass of liquid while the woman is wearing a birthday hat and holding a child dressed in a green outfit a person in a party hat and mask in front of group of people .
the family were preparing for the upcoming costume party . [male] was putting his bartending license to good use to make sure the adult had some great drinks . all the invited guest were having a good time . a lot of guest really got into the spirit of the party . the family had a great time . all the planning and efforts seem to work out .
everyone admires the baby as he walks along the table . family gathered together at the table for dinner . various bottles of alcohol and some fruit are on the table . he put his arms around her and the baby as they were enjoying themselves at the party . a woman is wearing a party hat and mask .
the family went to their parents ' house on new year eve . the boy 's grandparents served the family dinner . they had champagne , wine , gin and tonic and some other drinks . the family then decided to go out . they wanted to celebrate new year eve with other people on the street .
a group of people gather in a living room . a family gathering around the table having dinner . a table with drinks and fruit on it . a man and woman celebrating with a baby . a young man wears a party hat , mask , and has a party favor in his mouth .
the entry way of the house we toured . the garden bathtub is something i 'm looking for in a new home . met some new friends at the house tour . another entry way in our potential new house . the deck is absolutely grand where i can host parties .
a white room has a brown door and a white window a extra large bathtub with water jets included a family gathers in the kitchen and catch up with one another . a woman with tall boots speaking with two men . a brown deck with wooden furniture on it .
my husband and i bought a new house for our family . my favorite room is the bathroom . our son seems to really like our new house . we invited our friends over for a house warming party . but it was rainy outside so we could n't go on our new deck .
a doorway and window of an empty house at night . [male] jet style tub that is inclosed in beautiful marble tile . the tub has lovely silver fixtures and a medium sized window is located behind the tub , towards the back of the room . the woman held her baby for all to see people standing around talking in the room by a door . the brown deck is brown and is wet .
house party turned out great . me and my wife are in love . living room came out great . me and my son jimmy . my mother is always smiling .
a plain wall with a door and an open window . a bathtub surrounded by tile in a bathroom with brown walls . mother and son leaving the party when he gets done talking to this man a group of four people in a living room that are talking while one is walking away . a recently rained on deck near a wooded area .
what a blessed event our marriage was , with our parents by our side . we all danced at the reception , though some of the kids were shy to dance . that 's the family portrait . three generations , we are blessed . that 's me . i have great reason to smile ! champagne , a limo . next stop , honeymoon .
this is an wedding with a couple and family the little girl in the white dress is in the wedding a portrait of people in wedding attire . a bridesmaid holding her flowers is standing in front of the bride . the bride and groom are leaving the reception in a limo .
married couple and family gather and take a picture kids take picture with mom and dad all the family gather and take picture together bride very happy on her wedding day bride and husband get in the car and ready to start their married lifes
a wedding memory of the bride and groom and their parents . two boys and a girl posing in front of a bride and groom adults and children gathered for photo at formal gathering . a woman smiles as she holds flowers , wearing formal clothes . the bride in groom are in the limo holding champagne flutes .
last week i attended a wedding for the first time . there were a lot of families there . they were all taking pictures together . everyone was very happy . the bride and groom got to ride in a limo that they rented .
a wedding photo showing the bride and groom with their parents on either side . some children are standing near a bride and groom . a group of people taking a picture after a wedding a woman is standing outside holding flowers in black and white groom having a wine or champagne while his new wife
our day started by visiting a new museum . [female] played with a bouncy ball to work her dexterity skills . location location hosts many good markets . the street is devoid of cars and all is quiet . the embassy features steel spikes so no one breaks in .
a business name that is displayed on the wall . a family juggling in their backyard as the youngest wanders around . the statue of the eagle over the african craft market the street is lined with many trees and hedges spikes and barbed wire along a concrete fence .
we visited the apartheid museum over the weekend locals here are really good juggling balls in the air this is the local crafts market where you can find work by local artists streets were quite empty today nicely crafted fence , looks more like a work of art .
this image is a picture of the sign of a museum . women juggling on a porch in front of a young boy people on a balcony above a craft market a lone jogger runs down a quiet , tree lined , neighborhood street . part under the fence is spiky and made of metal
it can be hard to see , but it is important to remember and learn about apartheid history . learning to juggle and sharing stories for all generations . the market has amazing arts and crafts that also highlight the culture . it is so pretty with calm quiet places like this tree-lined road . there are reminders of the pain , though , with fences like this left in place .
the museum was amazing and had great displays . two women juggle balls in the air while standing on the porch . second story deck with hawk statue above a market a large road with the sidewalk covered in greenery and trees . some wire is going along the top of a fence
there are so many different flowers in my garden . i like the white ones especially . these are pink , and they are growing in great . look how large the bush of flowers has gotten . i even have some friendly animals hanging around .
bright dark peach roses are in full bloom against green leaves . two light pink roses sit side by side . a patch of pink flowers are growing in one area . a rose bush with flowers in full bloom . a squirrel is sitting on a concrete piece eating something
i love taking pictures of flowers . when they are in a bunch they are beautiful . even flowers that stand alone are beautiful . the colors are amazing . even the individual petals make a great photograph .
red flowers are hanging off the branch of a plant . picture of beautiful white budding flowers of spring . bunch of pink roses and bus on green leaves . clusters of fuschia flowers have bloomed on a large green plant . a squirrel sits on a wall eating a nut .
i love growing flowers in my garden , but there are a few instant favorite varieties of mine . the white faded pink roses are some of the best in my collection of roses and they really blend in well with any color . in truth though , the hot pink ones are not just another favorite , but one that people notice the most . these beauties like to hide , but as my neighbor says , they hide because they are shy . at times nature creeps in even more and i get a few animal visitors .
a closeup photo of beautiful light orange roses . two pink roses huddle together on the stem . there are many clustered pink roses with the green leaves in the back . bright pink roses show up beautifully against the green foliage . a chubby squirrel eating a nut on a curb .
everyone was looking forward to meeting the new baby . the baby was very happy to see everyone as well . she was smiling at everyone and enjoyed the attention . he was a bit nervous holding her . she loved to be held like that . it was a great day .
an image of a newborn baby being held a woman holds a small baby in her arms and smiles . a man looking down while holding a sleeping baby a small infant cradled in the arms of a woman in orange shirt . a woman is smiling and hugging her newborn baby
our newborn is home from the hospital . he is so little , i can not believe it . dad is so amazed by his new child our baby likes sleeping next to him . but mom is always ready to comfort him .
the little baby is looking at the person holding her . the woman held up the newborn baby while it slept peacefully . the proud father looked at his son with joy in his heart . the person is holding their new born baby which has its eyes closed . a woman holding a baby on her shoulder .
we 're happy to announce the arrival of baby [male] ! a proud mom with a sleeping baby [male] . dad also helped out on the naptime . with mixed results ! dad still needs to work on his nap skills . aunt [female] stepped in to save the day .
a small asian baby with a white onesie . a woman smiling at the sleeping baby in her arms . a man in an orange shirt is holding a child the young baby is being held while he cries . a woman holding a very young baby and smiling
there were such strange pieces throughout the building . this statue crept me out a bit because it looked so real . the men looked so life-like . the architecture was done very well . the building were so old and pretty .
colored ropes hanging in front of the window of a religious building . a stone statue of person 's face with long hair a terracotta soldier lies on his back on display in a building . a church the t has been around for a while . this is the front of an older stone church .
today we went to the museum . there were statues of old kings . and statues of old soldiers . the building was beautiful . we will come back again soon .
a big church window with the sun shining in . a light colored statue of a face has a solemn appearance . the knight sculpture is lying in repose on a table . the interior shot of a beautiful church alter a large building is on short cut grass during the day
admiring the sculpture inside the church . more to admire and wondering who crafted this piece . walking through the beautiful rooms and getting a feel . the beginning of the tour , a lovely historic place . gorgeous stained glass windows adorn the structure .
tall windows have banners hanging from them for decoration a bust of someone made out of what appears to be marble . an image of a large statue of a soldier lying down the aisle of a church with font in foreground and alter in background a large stone building 's stands beneath the clear sky .
a dj gets ready to perform . he poses with his friend . they look for a place to sit . they then proceed to dance and party . a woman sings .
an ad for bud light advertises a new year eve celebration . a busy barman works hard to keep up with the demand . two guys dj'ing at a high school graduation party a picture of ran through a car windshield . a table of three people celebrating with champagne , cheering and raising their arms .
we attended an awesome new year 's eve party . the drinks were flowing fast and furious . the two dj 's kept us dancing until the big event . finally it was time ! the place exploded in celebration . happy new year !
an advertisement for a new years eve party is sold out . a bartender prepares a drink for a patron . two asian guys make hand signs while standing in front of a 2006 sign . what a rainy night to drive on the free way . a group of friends that are enjoying the club .
so we went to our local pub for a new years bash . [male] our favorite bartender was there for the night giving us great discounts . as well as nate and [male] two local djs . though it was raining out it didnt kill the mood . the party inside was plenty wild .
the poster announced that bud light was sold out on new years eve . a bar employee wearing a hat and black shirt pouring ciroq into cup ( s ) two men in a dj booth posing for the camera . looking out the windshield from the inside of a vehicle , at night while it 's raining . a bunch of people celebrating at a party with champagne glass .
my new computers arrived today so it 's time to set up . i cleaned and arranged the desk to accommodate all the new equipment . i made sure it was all in order ready for set up . most of it is set up here , but there are last minute arrangements . all set ; my new computers !
boxes for electronic equipment are on the floor he is cleaning the table by wiping it down with a rag . a man prepares some computer workstations with three [organization] computers . this man looks quite busy , amongst all these computer screens . the four computers are neatly arranged on the matching desks .
i finally got my new computer . i was waiting for days . i had to set it all up . it took me a while to put them all up . i had a lot of garbage afterward .
[organization] boxes are stacked up near a computer . the man is cleaning off several of the desks . a man is wiping a desk preparing to put up computer towers all of the computers were unused for the moment , and covered for dust protection . four computers are standing side by side on desks .
the students were very excited to see the arrival of their new computer equipment . they had waited a long time and finally , [male] , the consultant , was on site to start the installation . [male] worked hard to insure that all the computers were setup correctly . he tested each one to make sure it could connect to the internet and had all the necessary programs installed . at last the new computer lab was set up and working , and just waiting for the students to take their seats .
computers and empty boxes on the floor of a living room . a man cleaning desks for his apple computers . 1 person cleaning a countertop next to a computer a row of computers on desks along a wall as a man stands in front of one . an image of four computers sitting side by side
the friends took a picture outside of the tent . they were the first to get there . the girl was cooking some food . the three lazily watched . there other friend showed up the next day . she fanned the flames of te fire with a magazine .
group of people sitting inside a tent on a dark night outdoors . a woman holds an empty plate out to someone serving food . three people are laying in a silver tent while one girl looks in toward them and she is smoking a cigarette . the lady is outside fanning a mental drawer with a magazine . a woman holds a magazine while standing near some camping equipment .
we all went camping last night . we made some food while we were there . at night we stayed in our tent . in the morning we had to clean up . it took a while .
three people are sitting in a tent . a woman sitting on the ground in front of a small grill cooking some sausage . the family was camping out inside of there tent a woman is holding a magazine over a burn pit . girl in a bikini top holding up a magazine at the beach .
we needed a couple distractions on our trip out . the motorcycle we rode out on . happy couple ! another happy couple ! night time - bed came soon after .
a group of three friends inside a tent . girl sitting down reaching out for food and grilling . the group of campers are enjoying the outdoors a woman is holding a magazine over a silver drawer a woman staring at the camera and holding a magazine .
the village was muddy and unpaved . the children were very grateful for the attention received . one child was very handy with the bike . one of the camp leaders all read books to the group of children . another leader taught about the details of the operation .
a teacher is smiling for a picture as her student sit at tables behind her . image of a group of native american children who are jumping ropes and engaging in other outdoor activities . a young man and young woman speak to a small group of children . a girl holds on to containers of water next to her bike on a city street . the children are in a line playing a game .
lady taking pictures with her students at their learning center . kids outside dancing and playing jump-rope . then they stop and have story time with the kids . some kids play with they bikes and some are playing over objects . now all the kids are grabbing each other and following a man .
a woman sitting in front of a classroom of small school girls . all of the girls in their uniforms took turns playing with the jump rope or just hanging on the playground . a man and a woman communicate with small children . the young girl has two jugs of water and a bicycle . a line of african children dance , led by an adult .
there were people around and they showed the boys things . the girl was happy that she saw the things and she gave an interview .
pretty smiling middle aged black woman sitting in front school age children . young people all in school uniforms playing outside some are playing jump rope as others stand and watch . a man talking to a group of children . a group of people that are next to each other . numerous children chasing after the grown man in an african village .
nature walks are a good way for children to get exercise and learn about the world around them . rushing , falling water can teach them about gravity , waterflow , inertia and speed . they can even learn from man made structures meant to control water . a calm body of water will let them explore wildlife that inhabit the water and surrounding area . they can even learn about local flora .
two young kids stand within a wooded area on a trail next to a bridge . the water is rushing through the man made dam . small damn in the middle of a wooded area . a bridge crosses over a serene river lines with trees purple flowers are peeking through the ground which is covered with dead leaves
a fence alongside the river . a beautiful waterfall nearby . two children horseplay along the riverbanks . an insect on a leaf . a young boy strikes a pose .
a boy that is having fun with his little sister . a dam to providing water and electricity to the town 's people . old stone dam with water spilling over the top . the bridge stood above the water and surrounded by thick trees on either side . a group of purple flowers that are growing in the woods .
we took the at risk youth out to a field trip closer to nature . we took them to see waterfalls . these two brothers are part of the program and play a bit too rough for our tastes . we took their attention away from their violent play and towards vegetation . we do n't think the trip was a success .
a boy in a blue jacket hugging a girl in a red jacket . the water is coming down the hill at a fast rate of speed . the water is draining down the cement block a river surrounded by trees and a bridge in the background . a ground full of dead leaves with flowers growing out of them .
the pre-opera tailgate was a success . we included lots of champagne for everyone . the wide variety of cheeses went well with the champagne . what was supposed to be just a snack , ended up being so filling that we were able to skip dinner . we had so much left that we were able to include anyone who passed by !
a table is full of food , mostly bread and cheese . a man pouring champagne into several glasses on a table the man is pouring wine into a glass by a cheese and appetizer table . a group of people stand outside eating food . a group of people standing outside and drinking wine and eating .
great food and great conversation , there is nothing like getting together with friends and family . uncle [male] topping off his glass . he loves a good drink . dad and uncle [male] they are always together . mom and cousin [female] . mom always know were to find the food . the perfect way to end the vacation with a table set up for all friends and family before departure .
a square table with trays of food and a bottle of champagne . the waiter is pouring champagne into the glasses . three men and a woman are standing near a table filled with wine and snacks in a parking lot . the guests are enjoying the refreshments and talking to each other in the parking lot . a group of people stand around a small table .
she stood at the porch waiting for her date . once he got arrived , she realized she had forgotten to tell him to wear black slacks and a tie . he made a quick change and was the first to pop a bottle of champagne . all the women had dresses on . there was an array of finger foods on the small table .
a table with an assortment of cheese , crackers , and bread . the man poured the champagne into the fancy plastic cups a small white table is full of food and set up in the parking lot . group of five adults that are enjoying some food outside . people tail gating before the game starts , time to party .
i went to location location for a vacation to look at the cathedrals . this is the bed and breakfast where we stayed . the view was amazing . there was some unusual furniture in the room . we took the time to see their famous waterways .
a long distance view of a large mansion or estate . a woman talks on her phone as she stares in the camera a man and a woman walking on the side walk in front of a business . the restaurant also has outside seating available for when it is warm . a man and woman are sitting together ona small couch
the chateau we stayed at for our vacation was beautiful . it was surrounded by a moat we had to boat across . one night we visited a local pub for dinner and drinks . the next morning for breakfast we sat on the balcony of the chateau and admired the view . it started raining so we stayed inside all day and relaxed on the couches .
the large building is surrounded by tall trees . happily , the woman gives the peace sign in front of a canal . edge on shot of white english tudor building the tables and chairs are on an outside patio a man and a woman sit with legs crossed on a sofa in a room .
we went around town . first , we went to the church . the buildings in the area where really cool . we found a quick place to sit and eat lunch . after a coffee , we went back out . we continued our walk through the streets .
the old large house is nestled behind between several large trees . an asian woman chucking the deuce near a dutch canal in winter garb , she 's about to fall in and look foolish . a large white and black building and people outside of it two tables that are sitting outside of the buliding . a couple relaxing on chairs with there feet kicked up .
we began our day on a platform in the lake . some of my friends decided to dive off and swim . the bridge led us to a wonderful and secluded spot . i took a picture with my wife and the spot . we also headed back and relaxed a bit before the sun went down .
a large green tinted lake sits between a rocky shore and tree lined mountains . the bridge leads to the log cabin in the forest . a group of people enjoying a day on the lake a man is diving off a wooden dock and into the water . a man standing up outside and others sitting in wood chairs .
the day of our family vacation finally arrived . we made out way down to the lake after leaving our belongings int eh lodge . there were a lot of other people out on the river . they really looked like they were having fun as well . after a good swim we headed back to the lodge to relax .
diving/sunning platform floating in a green lake surrounded by green mountains bridge over rocky stream leading to outdoor picnic area people are sitting on a large rock looking out over a lake in which other people are standing on a wooden raft . five men were on the floating dock drinking and playing with a ball . a group of men talking and laughing next to a cabin
it 's a beautiful day at location location . the waters are emerald green and the sun is shining . this is the summer house we 've rented . it 's in a stunning location and we 're ready for fun . the day is hot but the water is ice cold as always . not everyone is brave enough to dive in . of course a few beers helps with the courage . the smart ones stay back and watch the foolhardy jumping into the icy water .
small boat sitting on a lake surrounded by row of mountains . wooden bridge walkway over a creek next to a cabin . a group of young people sits on the rocks near a river , looking on as four others watch them from a raft out on the water . group of people standing on a wooden float on the water three men sitting on wooden chairs , and one man standing under a heat lamp .
the men in the building were dressed formal . they were all talking at the conference . this man made a lot of funny remarks . he was our leader for the day in the office . our entire department took a picture after the training .
men that are inside of a room that has a movie related sign out front . 3 mean wearing ties stand in front of tray of food this is a picture of some men talking people attending a formal business meeting around a large table this is a sales meeting and they are ordering food .
there was a conference meeting at work today . i took a lot of notes . i had to give a speech the whole time . afterward we had some time to chat together . we also took a group photo with everyone .
a millenium falcon sign posted outside a conference room . three men in suits standing next to a model of the millennium falcon . a group of men standing around in a circle . a group of people are sitting at a meeting room style table with two men standing at the head of the table . a large group of people sit on either side of a long table in a restaurant having a meal together .
getting ready for the meeting . trying to figure out what that is on the table . talking to a couple of friends in a meeting trying to figure out what is going on . having dinner with my co-workers .
the designers were hard at work in the office over the design . three men in suits standing in front of a counter . three middle aged people gathered around talking about work a number of business people sit and stand around a conference table . a large gathering of a people around a dinner table .
our school went on a tour of a botanical garden . it had a few nice water features like this one . mostly though , it had lots of pretty flowers . i loved this colorful rose . my favorite thing was the location pond . such beautiful fish !
a group of classmates wearing jeans are gathered to have a photo taken . a waterfall splashes to the ground , overlooking a small cave . the flower is full bloom and a very pretty pink in color . a close-up photo of a pink and yellow flower . small red fish swimming together in a small pond .
whenever i can , i try to take a walk in the afternoon . today my first stop was the pond . where i had a light lunch . then found a sunny spot for a nap . once i woke up , i found a refreshment for the walk home .
a large family takes a photo together outside a waterfall that is made from the top of the rocks . a tree full of big blossomed pink flowers the pink rose is extremely close to the camera lens . two orange fish are swimming in murky water .
my class went on a trip to local park . there , they had some small waterfalls . the flower we saw were exquisite . there were so many different color buds . we ended the day by a pond filled with goldfish .
being part of a positive social network is good for over all mental health . a rock alcove with a small stream of water falling off the top . a pink flower that just blossomed showing its petals . a pink and yellow rose growing in a garden . a group of fish that are swimming in the waters .
at our graduation , there were many different people and studies . i had to adjust my hat to be on point with my camera time . my friends and i were very grateful to be moving on to the next step ! i had to get a picture of our teachers before leaving . one of my friends thanked her mom for support .
a sign on a building says congratulations nazareth graduates a graduate in her black cap and gown adjusts her mortar board in the mirror . a group of new graduate that are wearing sunglasses graduating students sitting on chairs in a tent during a graduation ceremony . several people attending a graduation ceremony outdoors on a nice day
the graduates are ready to go , it`s organized mayhem in here . people are giving themselves the last look in the mirror . celebration is in the air , partying will definitely ensue . the teachers were there in full support of the students . family and friends could not wait to hug and kiss the graduates .
there is a large banner over the doorway congratulating someone . the girl straightens her graduation cap in the mirror . people are wearing graduation robes and sunglasses and are smiling a bunch of graduates are sitting inside of a tent a woman is hugged by an older woman at a graduation ceremony .
a congratulatory sign hung at the entrance to the school for the graduates . she had to make sure her cap was adjusted perfectly for the ceremony . friends goof around just a bit to get rid of the nerves . the graduates are seated and wait patiently to receive their diplomas . hugs of congratulations went on for quite some time after the ceremony was over .
the sign read congratulations nazareth graduates that was over the building . the graduate is adjusting her formal cap and gown . three women in cap and gown raising their hand in excitement . hundreds of graduates sit in an auditorium during graduation ceremony . people are gathered outside white tents outside during the day
we decided to go for a nature walk and found this babbling brook . this old bridge was incredibly beautiful . the old gear mechanisms really put you back in time . this old shack and mill was the highlight of our day . we went back home from our favorite trail .
a small waterfall with rocks and trees is depicted . an oddly shaped tree branch stickingout of the water in a shallow pond small stream of water flowing over blackish green rocks . the mill stands tall behind the small house . a small river that is in the middle of small trees .
the water ran over the funny shaped rocks . the weather must have shaped a lot of the rocks there . the water trickled over some of the rocks . thee was an old little house in the middle of the area . the water had overflowed here and was finally drying up .
small water fall in a very dry area of dirt and little green foliage . the wood in the water has a thin layer of moss growing on it . streams of water quickly cascading down layered rocks . an cottage sits in the woods with a giant wheel behind it . a small series of ponds at the end of a stream .
we passed a small waterfall small and natural structures were around the lake . every little ways we would come up to another waterfall . then , hidden away was a tiny mill . we followed the dried up stream that used to feed it .
a waterfall that has been made from the river . a piece of moss covered driftwood in a body of water . water gently cascading over a gray rock waterfall . an old building is dwarfed by a large mill wheel . the puddle is in the middle of the forest .
a year ago a family visited a vietnamese city . the local market was filled with fruits and vegetable of the area . they watched a local chef prepare food with meats and fish . the local fish market sold fish from the waters that surrounded the city . at the end of the day , they rested and watched the local people relax by the side of the road .
people walk down a crowded street full of cars . this image is of a group of people at a grocery store . a lot of fresh meat is on display in the market . a seafood market in a asian country with a woman peeling shrimp . men sitting on carts with wheels on a city street .
there 's no better way then enjoying a trip around town during a summer weekend . not only were the markets full with so many products but most had good quality such as the fruits . for some reason , a lot of bikers were present , even on the streets my vehicle was beaten up , but it fits the occasion !
the crowded street is full of people and cars . a large variety of people walking around a market place . a counter with platters and bowls of raw meat laid out on it . a man standing in a market stand selling fish and seafood people await customers as they rest in their rickshaws .
the streets of location are very disorganized . however , inside the market , were beautiful displays of fruits and people . the meat market also had an interesting sight . here is the fish market with a wide variety of fish . lastly , we got to see cab drivers taking a break from their hard work .
many power lines hanging over this busy street . the fruit market was bustling with plenty of people . several different kinds of raw meat being displayed separately large assortment of seafood items offered by vendor at market . three people sitting on sidewalk by nail spa
the child was raised in a very happy household . him and his brother were given lots of toys for christmas . he got a castle that always wanted . the boy also got a big wheel that he would practice riding . the boy was very happy and loved his family .
a small child in a stripe shirt smiling two small boys in pajamas on christmas morning . a kid looks excited to own his favorite toy . the little boy is smiling and sitting on a tricycle . a small child smiles through the rungs of a ladder .
just as football practice was finishing up today my parents told m they wanted to go and pick fruits . so we all got in the car and drove several hours away to a place that had fruits to pick . the trees there were so big we needed to use a ladder to get at the fruits . my dad was very hungry after that long drive and he ate a lot of them . afterward my parents bought me a present after the drive home .
a young boy is well dressed in the front of his house . 2 children are happy after opening a christmas present child happy to have received a toy meant for building castles a little boy is riding on a tricycle in the gravel . a little kid that is near the steel ladder .
it 's almost christmas time . the children begin to open their presents . they really love what they got . our son really likes his new bike . we had a very fun time .
a young boy standing in front of a door two children look happy near a christmas tree as they hold a box for a commodore 64 . a young child hoding a boxed game on the carpet an image of a little boy that is riding a bike the little boy is climbing up the old ladder .
the show started of with lots of excitement and a big band . i really liked this one with the smaller sub-explosions . these little ones were so loud that i had to cover my ears . this feathery firework was very unique . the finale started with red , white , and blue which soon followed .
a beautiful fireworks display during a nighttime scene unusual fireworks explode in red ribbons from a center display , with two separate yellow bursts behind it . a fireworks made up of green and orange lights . the fireworks are going off in a dazzling display of brilliance . red and white fireworks burst into the night sky
the fireworks where awesome . the started out simple . but built throughout the night . they got a bit crazy . then , the grand finally blew us away .
multiple colorful fireworks exploding in the dark sky the fireworks have exploded in various colors in the black night a firework explodes in the dark sky in all different colors . the fireworks are exploding colors into the sky . a red and white firework exploding in the air .
the fireworks this year were amazing . some were like colorful star-flowers falling from fire bursts . some went multicolored from green to red . many exploded from the ground making a peacock tail of fire . brilliant colors of light made for a beautiful night .
yellow , red , and green fireworks explode amongst the night sky . a cluster of fireworks that are shot in the sky . a brilliantly colored firework explodes in a black night sky . a fiery display of lights brightens the night sky . beautiful red and white fireworks in the night sky .
the whole family visited a local fair . grandpa was smiling for the photo . dad doing his best to stay cool in the shade . the kids enjoyed getting their faces painted . mother and son together .
a woman with blonde hair is giving another woman face paint at a fairground . two women have paint on their faces and are looking silly a girl with a dark complexion is getting her face painted for a special event . a man is leaning to the side while sitting in a folding chair . the art fair brings out a clown and many people .
our first stop at the local carnival was the face painting booth . once mine was done , mom got one , too and then we stood and watched my daughter get hers done . she picked a really cute face and we hardly recognized her afterwards . next we looked at crafts while the kids were entertained by the balloon lady . the balloon lady was face painted as a clown and the kids loved her .
a woman is painting a blue line on another woman 's face . two women are covered in face paint and surrounded by paintings a girl is getting her face painted like a tiger a man dressed in white sitting in front gaily decorated tents . a man and a woman dressed as a clown pose in front of artworks displayed beneath canopies .
we were at the fair at a booth . me and my friend both had our faces painted . my little sister had a tiger painted on her . [male] was sitting in a chair by himself . he posed with this lady .
the woman has face paint being applied to her face one woman leans into the ear of another while they are wearing face paint . an asian girl getting her face painted like a wild cat . a man in all white is sitting in front of a tent on the grass . a man poses with a woman dressed up as a pink clown .
at the competition there was a runner who was sprinting . there was also a high jumper . baseball was played outside . there was a swimming pool with active swimmers . we also saw tennis players planning their strategy .
an image of a man running to finish the race a man is jumping over a hurtle outside woman swinging the bat at a yellow ball a man wearing goggles swims between floating barriers . man wearing blue shirt stretching out tennis racket .
i finally got to the try out the high jump . my friend went to play tennis . the court was empty and crisp . the horses were near us and that was scary . afterwards , we went to play some basketball .
the runner wears his number on his chest while running on the track . a male is leaping over a pole in a track & field event . hot summer day baseball game strike blue sky sports he got on his back and did the backstroke down the lane of the pool . a man plays tennis and hits the ball .
[male] won the running race at the special olympics . [male] finally made it over the bar . [male] blasted the ball during the softball . [male] loves to swim for competition . [male] tries to direct the ball during the tennis match .
a runner in a blue outfit on a red track . a young man in mid air fixing to come to rest on the blue matt the batter bunted the ball when he swung . a swim competition us underway as a man splashes through the water in the backstroke . a man wearing a blue shirt playing tennis .
i had a great time at the seminar yesterday . there was a speaker there . he had a speech prepared . he told us all about his research . it was very boring .
a man in a checkered suit gives a speach a man dressed in black gives a speech at the front of a class man pointing and closing his eyes in front of a sign a man with white hair and sports jacket is giving a lecture . older man wearing a suit standing in front of a sign .
[male] leading a talk on retail research . he went on and on about something most people were n't interested in . it seems that even he was falling asleep during the talk . he woke up to finish the talk strong . [male] was happy to be done giving the retail speech .
the man in the blazer is speaking in front of the banner . the man is standing at the front of the class room speaking . a man in business attire speaking at a conference . gentleman in front of the room giving a speech . the businessman stands in front of the sign indicating the nature of the conference .
this is a class on retail studies . [male] semins has agreed to give a lecture in successful retail practices . he explains several strategic points to the class . also he tells them the long term goal to success . at the end he took questions from the class .
a man standing in front of a banner . a man stands in front of a group doing a presentation . an older gentlemen points to something unseen . he has been caught by the camera with eyes closed . a man wearing a dark suit jacket standing in front of a red sign with white letters the professor stood up and gave a speech to the new students .
today was my niece 's birthday so we went over to celebrate . my niece had some of her favorite food to eat , including fruits . she went to play on her new swing set after eating . the adults sat in their lawn chairs supervising the children . my nephew happily kept my uncle company .
the grandfather feeds his granddaughter as the rest of the family looks on . young girl in pink hat eating a meal of bread , fruits , and vegetables . a girl is smiling while swinging on a swing four older adults are sitting in the back yard , watching a toddler who is standing near them . an older man sitting with a young boy in a hat .
dad was int he kitchen with the kids . grandpa came to take them . she was having a healthy snack outside . he was all smiles . she loved the swing .
a man is holding a toddler while a girl and another man stand by a table . a young girl is sitting at an outside dining table enjoying some bread and some fruit . a girl happily swings on the play set outside . family gathered around outside on lawn furniture looking at the child . a toddler sits on a man 's lap in the backyard
the family had a party that evening . the daughter loved her fruit and buns . she also loved to swing on the swing . the adults sat around talking of politics . and they enjoyed spending time with their kids .
the man is holding the baby near the table a girl wearing a pink hat smiles while holding various foods . little girl in white shirt and pink flip flops playing on a swing . the people are listening to the man in the rocker . a father wiping his face while his son is sitting on his lap .
today , we had no school because of the snow . it was such a great day . i went around to look at all the things covered in snow . it was early , so no one else was up . soon , my friends arrived and we could play in the snow .
snow-flecked trees stand before a large brown building . a dark purple flower struggles to rise from a blanket of white snow . snow has collected on branches of a tree that bears red berries a large amount of snow is covering a yellow flower . a big building has a clock on it
it was spring in the location location and the weather was cloudy and overcast . a completely random snow storm hit without warning in the location . the trees with their new growth were covered in snow . small flowers that had just bloomed were frozen and most died . even the cat tails fell victim and took weeks to recover .
a brick building and a statue of an eagle in flight on a snowy day . black bear sitting on a green plant covered with snow small red berries on small branches on snowy day . a late snow spring has covered a yellow and purple pansy . a large building that also has a clock on it .
it was an odd day to have such a large snowfall in [female] , but made for a great day to take pictures . the spring flowers were peaking through the icy snow . hopefully the last frost does n't damage the seeds for next year , but these crab apples look strong enough . the pansies were tough enough to withstand the snow on their petals . what an amazing , quiet , snowy morning .
the white snow is covering most of the landscape . a flower that is growing in the middle of the field . a snow covered tree with red cherries on it . a flower with yellow pedals topped with snow . a clock tower underneath the dark overcast sky .
brainstorming ideas for the project . we are getting in some really good ideas . now let 's place the ideas on the board and see where we are at . everything is looking pretty good with the idea , just need to come to an agreement . coming to a close with the meeting and would like for everyone to agree what we have done .
professor standing in a classroom full of engaged students . three men are standing and giving a speech . people are standing in front of a wall with white pieces of paper affixed to it . a bunch of adult men are staring at a wall the audience gave her their full attention and she did not disappoint .
it was brainstorming time in the classroom to come up with the best investment ideas . various ideas were taped up on the wall . students had a chance to review the different ideas . they then got to ask questions . finally , they broke off into small groups to begin their investment project .
adults in chairs look back at standing man pointing . three people presenting in a large room with a microphone a woman watches a man hang signs up on a board . three men look at a chart on the wall . the woman is standing in the circle of seated people .
they arrived at the conference and were ready to learn . [male] took the stage and began his lecture . he was helped by [male] , whom placed notes upon the board . they discussed the notes and decided upon a decision . they made a final decision and presented it to the crowd .
a man that is pointing at somebody in the audience . an image cant be described with because it is blank people looking at posters on a wall with colorful text three men looking at a grid on a wall . a woman is standing in the center of a group of people
the man gets onto the subway , ready to go to the race . his friends and family cheer him on . they yell : `` go [male] ! '' as he runs by . the runners make it through the course . everyone poses for a picture with the winner .
group of people holding signs to support a loved one a man with hand on top rail bar in a subway train . runners passing onlookers at outdoor standing on sidelines at sanctioned event . a group of friends that are supporting the runner . the man wears a foil blanket and holds a banana .
this group is cheering [male] on . [male] arriving at the start of the race . runners competing in the race . a happy group of well wishers pose for a picture . the runner is wearing a silver blanket to keep in body heat .
a bunch of people holding various signs and letters . a commuter holds onto a pole in this photo taken aboard a mass transit vehicle . a man that is wearing a yellow outfit in the race . a group of young adults are outside posing with a contestant . a man just finished a race and is holding a banana
[male] grabs a subway ride to the race . there he sees a few of his family members with signs . he then sees even more friends and family that have shown up to watch him . [male] sets a new meet record for the race . [male] could n't be happier as he gets hugs from his family .
family and friends congregate on the sidelines of a race to cheer on someone they know . a young man smiling at camera holding a bar with one arm . the runners are picking up speed and nearing the finish line . a man who just finished a race taking a phootgraph a runner at the end of the line in a marathon .
a famous writer signs a book for one of his fans . [male] maggard decides to be original and autographs a calender . [male] melko tries to find the right words to say for a fan that has a sick family member . these books have just been released and they are on sale . the book festival was a success and a lot of money was raised .
a man looks at information in a large room of people . a right handed man is writing in a book . the author is autographing the magazine collection . [male] melko sitting in a booth signing a book to a fan . the artist was concentrated fully on the drawing she was working on .
i went to an art museum for local talet . one man was autographing a book for me that he published . this man creates illustrations and sells them . this particular author was my favorite , and he was kind enough to talk to me about his book . lastly was this amazing lady who is an amazing sketch artist .
a man standing beside a table reading a display . the old man wearing the hat is signing the book a man is signing his autograph on a poster . the man is seated on table radinga book a woman draws a photo in a sketch book .
as i sat down in my office , i could n't let go of my pen i kept on signing books and stacks of books it was so addictive that i did n't realize my pen was n't writing after all said and done , my books were ready for display at the end of the day my signature was on every material around at the book festival
several people at a science fair observing the exhibits . it appears the old man is signing his autograph for a book . a man is autographing books and posters that he has written . a man is sitting at a table reading a book an older woman with glasses painting in the book .
running a marathon . her fans cheering for her . three more miles to go . crossing the finish line . eating a celebratory meal .
a woman in a purple shirt running a race and looking back at the person taking the picture . she is waving . a man and woman smiles and poses for camera while woman holds a big sign that reads 'go [female] ' while a running race goes on in the background . a woman participating with a large group of marathoners . women racing to past the finish line sponsored by [organization] two smiling woman siting at a restaurant table with their heads pressed together .
the racers gathered in the morning . the fans made signs to cheer them on . around noon , the race was started . some just walked . it was for charity . when they crossed the finish line , the race was officially
woman in purple shirt turning around and smiling and waving at camera during race woman holds encouraging sign while runners jog behind her . a woman in a pink shirt is running in a marathon . people coming over the finish line of the race . two females sitting at the table post for a picture while eating
i went to the race last week . there were many people there . i was there to support my friend . she finished in first place ! afterward i took her out for dessert .
a young woman waving to the camera as she is running a marathon . two people holding a sign of support at a marathon . people are participating in a race near the [location] [location] building group of women in running clothes coming to a finish line . a couple of women having a fancy looking breakfast at home
the family went our month trip to the zoo . the little ones are always the most excited . the view from the chair ride is always really cool . the whole family loves seeing the elephants . my favorite animal has always been the zebra ,
a little boy standing at the window and looking outside an animal that is sitting on the grass . an elephant standing in a rocky non-natural environment . zebra in a fenced area eating grass from a holder attached to a tree trunk two dogs lay across a cream sofa and ottoman .
the family took a train ride to the zoo today . the little boy was excited once he got to the zoo . they went on the sky lift to see the animals below . they saw all kinds off elephants below . they loved seeing the zebras .
young child looks through glass at natural display . a monkey looks for something deep in the tall grass . an elephant walking through rocky , rustic landscaping . a zebra feeding on grass in its habitat . a dog laying on a couch and another dog sitting on an ottoman
today we visited the zoo . it was our first time seeing an animal like this one . the elephants were fun to watch . the zebras were not very active . when we arrived home the dogs were waiting patiently for us .
a boy in a hat looking out of a glass window . a cute little animal sleeping in the green grass of the yard the brown elephant was dirty and walked in the enclosed area . a zebra is eating leaves inside an enclosure . two dogs in a living room lying on a couch and ottoman .
to celebrate graduating kindergarten the family went out to eat . the boys got there favorite foods . the couple took a picture . the kids took pictures together . one was serious .
a calender of [female] with days and dates marked a group of children are eating at the table . a couple posing for the camera in a restaurant . two young boys wearing mortarboards made out of construction paper with pictures of bears on them . two little boys wearing paper graduation hats with animals on them .
dinner with the family ! the boys found their own spot at the end of the table . after dinner the kids enjoyed some games . the family enjoyed getting together for a nice meal out . the kids really loved the hats they received .
the [female] 2005 elementary school calendar shows that [female] 9th was the last day of school that year . in spite of the pizza and pop these children are not all smiles . dark haired coupe sitting together , smiling in a restaurant booth . the little boys are showing off their green and yellow graduation hats . two children wearing colorful paper hats and making funny faces
yesterday i looked at the calender and i realized that it was my birthday today ! everyone took me out to eat at my favorite pizza place . i had a great time there . everyone was really happy to celebrate my birthday with me . after a few hours everyone got tired and went home .
a calendar made for the month of june using cartoon characters two children eating soup and pizza in a restaurant man and woman hug in booth at restaurant . two boys are wearing graduation hats with pictures . the two little boys have on their graduation caps .
our trip to the ski lodge was a ton of fun ! they had great food for every meal . the vast array of options was magnificent . the snow pack was light , but beautiful nonetheless . the scenery alone was worth the trip .
a uniquely shaped wooden building stands in the middle of a snowy landscape in the sun . a large tray containing a variety of small plates with food . a table set with a variety of foods and glasses of wine . a snow-covered deserted road with a mountain n the background . the snow has a thin white blanket over everything .
it was a great day for a hike . but breakfast came first . the table was full of goodies . then the trail was ready . it was too snowy outside .
an impreessivily built building siting in the snow multiple dishes are laid out on a table so much food to share with wonderful people . a snowy scene is taking near some trees and mountain . a dead tree that lays on the field .
i ordered a lot of food . after i ate i got back on the road . there was a lot of snow on the road . i went for a drive . it took me a couple hours to get back home .
a building that is square with sloping roof on at least two sides . many different types of asian food in different bowls and plates , on top of a platter . a large table is set with a large array of food dishes and glasses of wine . a tree lined deserted road leads to a mountain . bare trees line make a forest border in a snowy area .
this man was the host of our party . he invited his dad who did a lot of the lighting . his mother and aunt provided the food . he smiled several times and took photos on my camera . we all had a lovely time at that party .
a couple that is enjoying the festivities of the night . the man is concentrating on the light in his hand . a red-haired woman stands with a woman with spiked purple hair . a man makes a face while holding a blue solo cup the man has some odd design on his glasses .
friends having a halloween party friend get the dancing and having fun taking pictures and being crazy continuing to take pictures of friends last picture of friend before the party ended
image of a man and a woman who are smiling and posing for the camera . a party with many people dancing with glowsticks . two women are smiling and posing together for a picture a man that is holding up a cup of alcohol . adult mustached man wearing funky glasses and earplugs .
my aunt and uncle are enjoying themselves . a lot of people loved dancing . these two are definitely having a good time . our friend is n't very photogenic . he likes to be unique and oh does it show .
a man with a long gray beard posing next to a red head a woman behind the man wearing a sheer shirt a woman with a sequin blouse and a woman with facial tattoos and short hair have their arms around each other for a picture . the man with a tuxedo is sticking his tongue out . a man with a visor over his glasses smiles .
the pink flowers really stood out that day . i took the longest trail to the garden . the garden led me to a clearing in the forest . many people were already at the spot . i noticed the harvesting lines when i walked around .
a series of dishes including curry , rice noodles and cutlery a field of flowers are growing taller than the grass . long stemmed beautiful purple flowers in a garden a closeup of four purple and white patterned orchids . the trail is long and lined with trees the entire way down .
i was so excited to go the botanic garden today . the walkways through the garden were paved , making it easy to walk through it . i finally reached an open field where i could stop and rest . it was the perfect place to have a little picnic lunch . after lunch , i continued to walk through the garden , enjoying it even though some flowers had not yet bloomed .
the delicious meal was at the table and ready to be eaten . a portion of a field of flowers made up of orange and white ones . a close up picture of purple orchids are displayed . large white flower heads with purple veins running through all the petals the wind was blowing so hard that the trees looked like they were falling over
i 've always had a fondness for two things : food and flowers . flowers are diverse and beautiful in each of their own ways , like people . i know more people named after this flower than i do named [male] , [female] or deaken . some flowers define a person 's attire . whoever likes this flower must be a fan of plaid . some represent size , i wish i was as tall as a tree .
bowls of noodles and other food and three spoons on a plate . a field full of white and yellow flowers a group of purple lilacs that are in the forest . large clovers shaped purple flowers with intricate scaly designs a group of people are walking down a street
i sat down today to document my life . first , i ate a nice meal in the cafeteria . the remains of the meal on my plate were tossed away . then i returned to work at my computer , which is very old . finally , i accidentally punched a hole in the wall when i turned too quickly .
a desk with a computer , coffee and food all setup wholesome meal piled high with mashed potatoes , ham and sauerkraut . plated food items on tray with glass on wooden table . a computer stands on a desk against the wall a wall that had a doorknob go through it .
a quick view of our home shows our computer from the top . we are in the middle of eating our meal . this is my husband 's plate . this is our computer from the front . it looks like we need our wall patched up .
a lunch consisting of a sandwich , cup of coffee and a beer has been left at a work area with an old fashioned desk top computer . a white tray with a plate of food and silverware a fork and knife is on a plate with mostly finished food the table has a computer monitor . keyboard and phone on it . a damaged wall that has been poorly patched with clear tape .
the computer desk was organized so the person cooked a meal and ate all of it . then they went back to work and they noticed a hole in the wall .
a computer set up on a desk surrounded by food and drink . a dinner of ham , noodles , and mashed potatoes and gravy sits on a plate on a tray . a finished plate of food sitting on the table the desktop computer screen shows an open word processor document . tape holds plaster to a hole in a white wall
after dinner the family began to walk home and saw someone selling glow sticks which the kids played with all night the next morning the family went sledding and i stayed inside because i had a little peace and quiet without the kids
a night street scene in winter with children and adults walking along the street . glowing sticks sit in buckets on a table . a father and son both ride down the hill on a sled middle aged woman looking down wearing a beaded necklace group of people standing in the kitchen with refrigerator open .
the night here was cold but pleasant after the snowstorm . we used some of these light devices to make our way around safely . [male] and his son do a little sledding in the morning before breakfast his wife [female] is in good spirits this morning and is making breakfast . the couple discusses their plans for the day as their daughter checks out the refrigerator .
people are walking towards a bright light on a cold snowy night . a cup full of many colored glow sticks . man in back jacket with kid holding on to their back . a woman is looking down at something in the kitchen . a day of family dynamics in well stocked , large kitchen .
i took the kids out to play some games . they had a lot of fun with the glow sticks . there as also an air hockey table . afterward we went outside to hang out . we did some snowboarding .
a few people are seen walking down the street at night . a cluster of lights that are in the room . a man , with a boy holding on to his body , sleds down a hill . the woman appeared to be looking at something interesting on the counter . three people in a kitchen smiling at something over at the sink area .
there were many impressive examples of vintage cars at the family event . live music was playing all around us throughout our stay . there was a watermelon eating contest the kids could participate in . some adults took a shot at it too . many men were showing off their impressive beards .
an antique , blue , [organization] [organization] with a [location] license plate . a man plays his guitar outside under the sunny sky . a group of boys eat watermelon standing next to each other . a man eating a watermelon at an eating competition . two men are wearing strange and unique hats .
i always love coming to the fair each summer and i especially enjoy viewing the restored classic cars . the live music acts always help to provide the fair with a fun and upbeat atmosphere . they had a watermelon eating contest for the kids this year . i told my son to enter and he came in 2nd place ! many people were dressed in costumes for a historical pageant that was done this year .
a blue antique car with [location] license plates . man wearing sunglasses and red and brown shirt playing white guitar four little boys standing next to each other are eating watermelon . a man is biting into a watermelon outside two men are standing and both are wearing hats
the organization organization organization organization sponsored a car show recently . folks brought their classic cars for display and meet other car enthusiasts . for entertainment , several bands played throughout the day . there was a watermelon eating contest for the kids . and the event sponsors all donned their most fashionable fake mustaches for the parade !
the car was a different blue but light on the eyes a man is holding a white guitar to perform . little boys are holding and eating slices of watermelon a man that is biting into a watermelon . a man with a very large beard and tophat with a man with a smaller beard and a tricorne
a crowd is gathered together for new years . a man and woman wear headpieces for the new year . the group is gathered together for warmth . two of the people are wearing strange costumes . finally some fireworks take place .
a group of people that are next to each other . people are wearing seasonal items on their heads . people are participating in a run/walk at night , in a winter season . a woman is wearing all pink with a tutu . one man wearing a yellow box and another wearing a green one . green and red fireworks in the sky in front of a tree
the morning race was about to be underway . we received our bib numbers and waited for the line up . the crowds began to gather . by midnight the lines were already getting deeper . the fireworks went off to signal the start .
a crowd is outside at night and a couple have umbrellas . many people walking with funny hats on their head a group of people look skyward while a lone ballerina looks at her phone . a man wearing a yellow box and dressed in yellow is next to another man in a green box , dressed in green . behind them are two more individuals , one in a blue box and another in a red box . the fireworks behind the old bare tree look awesome .
as night fell , the crowd gathered for the race . everyone game out with their fun costumes . the cold could n't stop this ballerina from joining in . these tetris costumes were difficult to run in , but were a hit . a fireworks display was the perfect end to a great night .
a crowd of people out at night in the rain . the runners have just finished their marathon . runners line up at the start line to being a race . a bunch of people are looking out of card board boxes with numbers on them . fireworks are going off in sky behind trees
we went on a tour of location location we visited some of the monuments we saw the big american flag there were even some scuba divers that were going to do testing it was neat seeing them go into the location like that
a bunch of birds are swimming in the water an eroded beach front and a body of rough water . two people laughing while on laptop at a local caf artwork of the back of a lady is on a window of a brick building . a family meets by the ocean with three cute umbrellas overhead .
he was inspired by the ducks . he liked the way the sand that had washed looked . at lunch he drew a sketch . he would hang the painting in the other window like this one . once he got done , they could hang out down by the shore .
a group of ducks are at the edge of the water with a skyline behind them . a curvy sand dune next to the water . young man and woman study at a diner while waitress looks on . the painting in the window is of a woman looking behind her . three striped beach umbrellas are open on a beach with people sitting beneath them .
the water was calm near the shore . the people laughed at the window and then they laid out .
a family of ducks sits serenely in the blue water of a beach . water has made lines and moved the sand around on the beach . the two people are working at a restaurant . a window in a red brick building is devoted with the image of a longhaired person and words . group of people at a beach , under 3 umbrellas , clouds in distance
we had an absolutely fantastic time at the fair this weekend ! from booths representing local businesses to local craft vendors , much of the community was represented . our giant ferris wheel was a hit for fairgoers as well as a breathtaking sight of light . daytime activities for the whole family were offered along with a variety of live music . our beautiful summer festival was capped off by a firework show to remember .
a colorful festival is taking place on the shore . a ferris wheel and merry go round at a small fair . at the fair k ids is riding the hobby horse an amusement park ride called `` giant wheel '' spins quickly . a bunch of fireworks bursting in the sky on an dark night .
a day at the carnival with the family . awesome view from the skylift . walked around the entire park to see what they really wanted to ride first . as nighttime fell , the lights came on . all the rides look so cool lit up . the giant wheel looks even scarier in the dark . the night was finished off with an awesome fireworks show .
the carnival can be seen from a distance the carnival is full of patrons in the day a bunch of children are enjoying their time on the merry-go-round . a giant wheel is spinning under a black night sky fireworks light up the night sky in red .
we went to an amusement park for the day . we could n't wait to ride the big ferris wheel . the carousel was fun at night . the giant wheel let us see the entire park . the night came to an end with fire works .
a amusement park sits nestled in the woods by the water the ferris wheel and merry go round are shown at a fair . a carousel with horses and children and lots of bright lights large wheel with multi colors around it with a blue middle the fireworks are lighting up the night
it was the entrance to the ancient city . we were all excited . these buildings were absolute wonders . this tree majestically soured into the sky . this tree actually became part of the city . before we left we snapped one more shot of this amazing temple .
tourists can be seen in the court yard of brick ruins . a very old ruins , perhaps in [location] [location] , with trees behind and moss on the ornate decorations . a tree has a tall trunk and thin branches and leaves a large tree trunk grows over a stone wall an old building that is made of rocks on top
the tourists excitedly walked through the safari park . they were excited to see the animals and the oddly shaped trees . they trekked through the park in search of the hiding animals .
a group of people are touring around an archeological area . old ancient building or ruins built out of stone or rock the unusual tree appears to be part of the built structure . this tree appears to be seating on the ledge of this wall . a historical temple in the jungle that is beginning to fall apart .
the ancient structure was taken over by the plants . a tree had taken root and grown very tall on top the building . another tree had knees with roots that covered the stone fence . moss was beginning to grow on the ancient wall . from the doorway you could see the plants on the other side .
the group is touring the area and looking at the different sights . ancient ruins of a historical building that has since been deserted . a tree stands tall at the edge of a cliff side . the large tree has branches growing over the brick wall . an ancient stone building in the forest with moss growing all over its walls and roof
this is a picture of cans . this is a picture of a skyline . this is a picture of stone . this is a picture of a walkway . this is a picture of a restaurant .
several empty , rusty , old canisters stacked up together . the black and white picture of the building won a special award . dirty concrete blocks that have been drawn on with chalk . an outside pathway is in black and white an image of a dark cast building shown
we checked our reserves and unfortunately we were running low on almost everything . the only place to replenish our stores was the location location , over run with infected hordes . checking our fortification for weaknesses , just part of the exit routine . we took in the desolate landscape as we made our way to our destination . the emptiness of our surroundings gave us a false sense of security and a false allusion of things to come . we made our way to the hardware store under cover of darkness . if anything could go wrong it had n't , yet .
[male] paint cans are set outside in a line . a black-and-white photo of city and its surrounding waters . grey stone tiles with drawings etched into them . a cobblestone bridge stretches across a wooded ditch toward an expanse of water . the outside of an asian themed building at night .
i went for a walk today . it was very cloudy . i saw a traffic cone . i went down to the lake for a little while . i saw a kite stuck on a tree .
several old rusty cans are stacking next to a building . the moon is shining through the clouds over the skyline . small cement blocks on top of larger flat cement blocks . a stone bridge leads into an ominous forest . a night scene of a darkly-lit side of a building containing some chinese writing .
it 's great being the bookstore cat , i feel so literate ! oh yeah ? it 's way better being the liquor store cat ! i feel sooo meow lol fft who do you think you are ? i 'm catman , who the hell are you ? would you two shut up and help me knit a sweater ?
an orange cat is sitting on a pile of books orange cat in a book store examines the books and postcards . the white poster fitted on the wall has some red writings people are waiting at the corner of an intersection to cross the crosswalk . two couples sitting outside on a long bench .
my smart cat was looking for a book to read . my bad cat asked him if he wanted to get drunk . my smart cat gave my bad cat a dirty look . my bad cat gave him a disdainful look in return . my other cat often enjoys listening to them argue .
a fat orange tabby cat sitting on books . a cat sitting down on an area surrounded by books . the sign says watch step slippery when wet three people are standing on a curb by a crosswalk in a city . four people are sitting on a bench in the park .
my cat does not like to have pictures taken with him in it . oh no he spotted me ! that 's not good ! he turned me into the police and i was arrested next to this watch out sign ! we now all walk out of our apartment , homeless . we need to find a new home . also we ca n't have cats anymore . court order .
a cat is sitting on a table covered in books . a cat sitting on a table full of books with other books on the shelf red and white slippery when wet sign posted in an industrial building . an image of people crossing the street in the daytime four friends sit together on a bench along a fenced in sidewalk .
this was the twins very first family reunion . they enjoyed being greeted by different family members . life can become so busy that families tend to lose touch , so there was a lot of catching up to do as we sat around the pick-nick table and talked . other relatives enjoyed playing games . ( the males in our family can be so competitive . ) many of the cousins had n't seen each other in years and wanted pictures to remember the time that they spent together . the reunion was a big success , everyone was happy and there were lots of smiles .
two older people are talking to toddlers in strollers . two guys playing bean bag toss and drinking beers in the park . a girl sits quietly to have her face painted . a woman in a straw hat with a hand carved wooden earring . this man plays a tune on the bagepipes to commemorate the event
this is a picture of babies . this is a picture of golf . this is a picture of two people . this is a picture of face paint . this is a picture of a man .
a couple talk to twin blonde boys being pushed in a double stroller . a pair of men stand in a field playing a bag game . the man is painting a heart on the girl 's face . a woman poses with a green leaf drawn on her cheek . a older man is playing a bag pipe .
i took the twins to marine corps day for the first time this year . there 's always a lot of fun things going on there . this father was coaching his daughter before it was her turn at the bean bag toss . this woman got facepainted , although i think it was mostly for the kids . the bagpiper always ends the day .
parents looking at two young girls in double stroller just an old fashioned friendly game of bean bag toss . a young girl getting her face painted by an artist . a woman with paint on her face trying to look cute . the man is wearing a kilt while playing the bagpipes .
everyone enjoyed the office christmas dinner . some people like to try and make you think they are grouchy . most people want to make sure they get a smile in a picture . they are all sated and content from the food . all christmas parties need songs !
the large family is posing for a picture at the table a person is sitting and holding food in their hand . two men are side by side in a bedroom and posing for the camera . the group is gathered at the table for dinner the paper is printed with a song on it
the friends were having a party . there was good at the party . the friends took pictures . there were a lot of drinks . they even had carols .
eight people smile around a dinner table set with drinks . a man enjoying a cracker and drinking a beer at a party . two people pose in a room with electronics and a table a group of people sitting around a table with a lot of drinks . a picture of a parody of jingle bells
just a get together - everyone 's so happy . some more than others . we 're all photogenic people . candid shot . we liked to sing .
many people holding wine glasses sitting around a table . the man is holding a food and sitting at a table two men smile and pose for picture in front of electronics . friends are having a good time hanging out and having beer this is a picture of a song which is based off of jingle bells
we had a party and we decided to cook instead of ordering out . we had live music . he is so talented . the guys gathered around to play some cards . quick photo-op ! he 's counting his winnings from poker .
asian man cooking a meal inside a place of residence . these gentlemen appear to be cooking in a restaurant . a bowl of food containing carrots , peppers , and meat . a white bowl contains meat , sauce , and vegetables . playing the guitar with one eye closed the young man ignored the tv .
my boyfriend decided to have a small dinner party at our apartment . one of my friends was overlooking the food , because the smell attracted him . the boneless chicken stir fry was so delicious . i had to get a spoon , because i really wanted to drink the broth as well . my friend played a nice tune on his guitar .
man in white shirt stirring food in a skillet on the stove . one man cooks on a stove while another looks over his shoulder . a mostly eaten bowl of food , consisting of baby carrots green peppers and chicken stew with chop sticks as utensils along with beef and veggies the boy is winking while he plays the guitar
i ate a lot of food last night at the party . i invited all of my friends over . some of them also brought their guitars . we played games in my room all night . afterward we were hungry so we went to the kitchen . there was no food in the kitchen so we decided to pool our money together for pizza .
a young man cooking in a deep , wok type skillet on a stove two men in a kitchen discuss what they 're cooking . a close up of a bowl of food that has carrots and chicken . white bowl full of different vegetables with a spoon and chopsticks in it . man sitting on carpet playing wooden guitar on lap .
i drove into the enclosure , past the red lights on the chain link fence . there used to be old growth trees in this area . the organization organization destroyed the forests while strip mining . the company went bankrupt . the buildings were abandoned and closed off . some of the woods came back , ten years later .
the fixtures on the fence a red bell and two clear objects a forest with many similar size trees evenly spaced out . an ash covered landscape with trees in the background . a cluster of debris that can be seen in the distance . the grass is very brown and is between two sets of trees
this is some of my favorite pieces of art . here is several trees . i love this picture . sands and mountains . an abandon building a long corridor of trees .
a fence with lights and reflectors on it . the forest is full of trees with brown needles on the ground . a black and white view of trees in the woods . the building has been ravaged . there is a lot of debris . a bunch of dirt and trail was soon to become the next big bmx course in the area .
the band has a gig tonight and decides to set everything up prior to the event . first , the vocals and sound is checked . [male] sounds great ! next , keyboard is checked . the keyboard adds so much to the band 's unique sound . [male] is making sure all the keys and strokes are ready for tonight . lastly , [male] sings the chorus to make sure that everyone is in tune and ready .
a dull red pan hanging on a fence . several trees in a field , you can see the sky through them . the dust and dirt is piled up in front of the trees . an old building made of red bricks with demolished roof and walls the grass on the side of the forest is dead and brown .
time for a soccer game , but first a burrito ! my favorite team was warming up . stands were filling up , the game was about to begin . our best player and captain . the jump for the ball . it was a fun game .
people standing in front of someone serving pizza the players are all lined up on the side of the field . young people are cheering for their team from the bleachers . a man on the field is about to kick the ball . two soccer players colliding after one has hit the ball with his head .
the girls bought pizza from the concession stand . all they guys were hungry too . the soccer team lined the field for the national anthem . it was a close game . many of the spectators got up out of their seats to cheer their team to victory .
a group of people are waiting to get food from a table members of the soccer team are introduced as they stand in a line on the field . the people are cheering at a sporting event with blue paint on them . a soccer player is on a grass field with a soccer ball . two men playing soccer , both are flying though the air after the ball .
the players interviewed before the game . then they walked out onto the field . the crowd gathered in the bleachers . the game began with an epic shot . it was a close game and an awesome night .
people line up for food are happy thats its pizza . a bunch of players are wearing white outfits . sports fans are painted up and cheering for their team . a man on a soccer field looking where to kick a ball . two soccer players are trying to head the ball .
this was a picture taken a long time ago . this was him when he was young . this was his class picture . this was the boy when he was a baby . this was a trading card of his .
an old picture of a man building a fireplace . an old picture of a child holding a trophy on a couch the children are in the same class at school old photo of newly born infant sleeping in case a person is holding up a card with a mans face on it .
here is an old picture of my dad . this is me when i was 7 years old . that 's my kindergarten class picture with mrs. jones front and center . the first day my kid brother was born . my baseball card from my senior year in high school .
an older picture of a man holding a brick . the boy holds up a trophy on his couch . someone holding an old picture of some students with a teacher the edge of a hand holding an aged photograph of a woman looking over a plastic crib containing a new born baby . old time sports card with slight damage being help by person
i was looking through and old shoebox one day and i found a bunch of photos . this one is from my mom 's side of the family . this is some old coupon . this is me when i was born . this was my favorite hockey player .
someone holding a picture of a man standing in front of a fireplace holding a brick . a person holding an old picture of a young boy sitting on the couch an old photograph of a group of school children . an image of a woman looking at a newborn baby an image of bob murray on an old canucks card
it was halloween costume day on tuesday . i dressed [male] us as a little yellow duckling . on the way home we saw someone decorated their yard like a graveyard . another building decorated their stoop with scary decorations . [male] the pumpkin is scared very easily and does n't like halloween .
a few kids are seen playing dress up in a class room . small child in a bright fuzzy duck costume holding a toy . a yard decorated for the holiday of halloween for trick or treaters . a nice house is decorated up for halloween a little boy wearing an orange pumpkin dress with adults around him .
it 's halloween and all the kids are dressed up . she is so cute ! they had a spooky graveyard set up out side . this house was using the grave theme as well . a happy little boy with candy .
two small children in the middle of a room playing . a young child dressed as a bird wearing [organization] . a fake grave yard outside in their yard . red brick house decorated with graves for halloween . a young boy dressed in a pumpkin costume
it was the kids first halloween . they were so cute dressed up . one was dressed up like a chick . the other had a pumpkin costume . we had the daycare all decorated , too .
a group of infants are dressed in costumes . a child wearing a duck costume pushing a cart the front yard is decorated as a cemetery for halloween . a large brick building is decorated with tombstones for halloween . young blonde boy dressed up in halloween jack-o-lantern top .
out to dinner with friends . we are trying a new place . everyone ordered something different so we could all try it . we were n't sure what this was , but i guess we 'll try it . this did n't look any better but i 'll give it a go . had to wash it all down with lots of drinks . still a fun night .
good friends having dinner and drinking together at a restaurant . a table displays 7 bowls of various food samples for partaking . a dish of a bright red substance sprinkled with green and set above the juices . a hand with a stirring utensil rapidly stirring some food in a dish . a couple alcoholic drinks sit ready to be drunk
i made a lot of food for the party tonight . i spent time making some sauces . it took me a few hours . everyone enjoyed it . there were a lot of leftovers afterward .
people are seated at a table having a meal together . a sampling of asian side dishes is spread across the table . a meat dish with onions is cooking on a portable grill . a diner stirs their plate of food around . a collection of cups that are on the table .
everyone was at the table drinking and chattering having a good time . the food served at the restaurant was very unique . here is one of the main courses that was served . definitely interesting food and we passed it along to each other . the drink was lit up on fire and looked exotic .
a group of people sitting around a table drinking beers . there are plates in front of each person as well . a set of dishes that are next to each other . a gold tray is filled with a tomato sauce mixed with green vegetables . a dish of chinese food being cooked on a hot plate . the three glasses are containing cocktails and the middle gass is emmiting blue smoke
i practiced playing my guitar for hours before i had to leave for the performance . when i got there my band was already setting up . everyone was there to see us . i set it up and they watched us play . we were very good and everyone gave us cigarettes afterward .
a man that is resting his arm on the guitar . a couple of guys sit playing guitars on a dark stage . a man in a bar holds his head in his hands while a friend sits with him a man drinks a cocktail through a straw at a bar . to young people who are smoking cigarettes in dimly lit room
i was getting ready for a big concert . we were playing outdoors . my bandmates and i were so excited . we had a great show and wanted to celebrate . smoking a cigratte hit the spot !
a young adult holds a guitar and looks down . two people are practicing on a stage with their guitars . a man with thinning hair is behind another man with his hand on his head . a man takes a drink while another man sits nearby . two men smoke cigarettes as they pose for a picture .
[male] was nervous to before performing on stage . during his performance , he mostly looked down at his guitar . one fan , [male] , watches intently . after the show , [male] and [male] have a drink together . they decide to go out on the balcony and smoke .
a man in a white shirt plays guitar two men playing their guitars in a dark music studio . a black-and-white photo shows a profile of a man 's face . man in a bar lighting his cigarette from a candle . two teenage boys smoke cigarettes and a person in the background on a cell phone
my mom came to my orchestra concert that was held in the park . i got on stage and played the bass like a champ . my friends got their woodwind section going to join me . at the end , my friend marnie began to play the baritone . my cousin [male] enjoyed the treats he was given .
a woman is at a craft fair and appears to have just blown up a beautiful marbled balloon . she is reaching into a yellow pail . she is smiling and happy . a woman plays a song with her standing bass two asian girls playing the flute . they are outside . a young woman carrying a large instrument in front of a crowd . young boy consuming cotton candy at outdoor event .
staring the day at the music festival . the bass player was a crowd favorite . the girls on clarinets were lovely . the saxophonist put all her heart into it . my favorite was the flutist with her enchanting melody .
a woman is sitting outside near craft tables an asian woman is playing the cello . two asian girls in white blouses playing wind instruments . a woman is holding a very large instrument . the cute little boy is trying to get the last bit of cotton candy off the stick .
it 's festival time in a small town in location . a local school has been picked to play music while people gather . taquin and sodu are sisters that play the clarinet . their other sister siki plays the tuba . there are a lot of fun treats to enjoy while listening to the talented orchestra .
a red haired woman smiles to the camera as she ties off a balloon . the girl played the cello while looking at the music sheets . two girls playing the clarinet with uniforms on . women are holding musical instruments in front of stands a young asian child is eating cotton candy and looking onward .
there was a blonde in front of me who understood the course . for the great effort , this redhead received a kiss . it was a lovely night and things were accomplished . the women had very lovely hairstyles . the coolest part about the event was the hair colors .
a blonde girl in a crowd is watching something intently . the redhead laughs as her friend gives her a kiss on the cheek . a man is on stage performing his part in a play . two people during a production reading from a book four different women are wearing rings , bracelets , and have purple fingernails .
i went with some friends to go see a play . it was a really lovely show with a lot of love in it . the acting was superb , and the lead actor was a hunk ! i was drawn in by the story ; i totally recommend it . the cast all had matching nail polish . it was so cute .
adults and children are looking at the camera a woman kissing a nother woman on the cheek while laughing the actor is contemplating his next dramatic move . a man with a hat that is sitting next to a man . two pairs of hands with the fingernails painted blue .
i went to class for the first time today . some people were very happy to see me . i had a great time there . i took a lot of pictures . it was a lot of fun .
the young girl with blonde side swept bangs massaged the woman with glasses ' shoulders . the dark haired woman kisses the other woman on the cheek . a boy on stage ponders life with his feet on the table . two actors on stage ; two boys pretend to look at a book two sets of girls ' hands , all fingernails painted blue .
there was an indian dance wedding today . there was a lot of dancing . the bride and groom 's first dance . it was all smiles and laughter . the whole family was there !
a man that is holding hands with another woman . a bride and groom dance together on a dance floor as confetti falls . a man and women in indian style wedding garments . smiling people in formal wear dancing while others watch . a group of people laughing and dancing on the dance floor
the photo captures the couple dancing . the happy couple dances on the dancefloor . the guests stand and watch the couple . the couple smiles at each other . the group celebrates together .
an indian couple are dancing with each otehr the indian wedding was so grand , everyone enjoyed it immensely a couple wearing indian attire dances with a crowd of people in both western and indian attire watching . an indian couple in traditional dress dances with a crowd looking on . men and women are standing in a room with a chekcered floor
asad and balia asked me to pick a picture from their reception to have blown up to poster size . the photographer had taken many interesting pictures during the reception . this was one of the most romantic pictures i saw . this one really shows the love between them . i finally chose this one as it really captures how colorful and festive the reception was .
a man and woman dance with each other , a bride and a groom celebrating their wedding night in front of a crowd . the couple is dancing in the center of their friends and family . a man and woman in south asian formal attire dancing before a smiling crowd , a wedding . two women , one in red and one in green , dance with a man in a black suit .
we decided to take a country drive around our village . farm country is full of rustic charm . the farmer 's market teems with fresh fruits and vegetables . we bought a lot of it ! we were proud to see such art displayed here . the old architecture is also artistic !
a farm with a windmill and two grain silos . a farm scene can be seen in this picture . a bunch of people are walking around a market together a statue in between to arched windows on the building . a statue of a man is in the window of a building .
as i continued my car journey through farming country , i spotted a picture perfect farm house . it looks like the fields go on forever ! i needed some personal groceries and felt their local farmer 's market would be the perfect place . on my way out of town i saw this statue placed in an alcove on the second floor . i stopped to see who he was and discovered it to be the town 's founder that they have honored .
a windmill towers over farm buildings on a overcast day . they are out in the field for the harvest time a farmers market with many different items for sale a statue what was put in a recess on the outside of a building . a building that has a statue in the 2nd floor window .
we needed to get groceries today . i never noticed the flooring between these buildings before . here we are at central market . fresh cabbage ! ca n't wait to make pigs in the blanket . snapped this picture remember what was playing at the theatre this week . i had to zoom in , because i just adore this statute .
a farm house and barn are pictured in winter . a field being plowed by horse powered machines the food market was starting to get busy by the end of the day . a building with arched windows and a statue in an alcove . the outside of a building 's roof is arched
the string ensemble provided background music at the wedding of my best friend . she looked beautiful when she joined her groom at the alter to take their vows . they were both smiling happily when they were pronounced man and wife . she took the time to pose with me and our other friends during the reception so we would all have a great picture to remember the day . when the new husband and wife danced together for the first time , i captured their love in this photo .
musical trio of women play classical music at outdoor event . the man and the woman are looking at each other . an asian couple poses for the camera in this day time photo . group of men and women in formal attire posing together . the bride and groom share a romantic dance .
the music starts to play here comes the bride . [male] and [female] will be married in a matter of a few minutes . after the ceremony they had smiles on their faces , they are happy and look forward to spending the rest of their lives together . some of their friends and family seen here posing with them . what nobody knows at this point is that [female] only has 12 weeks to live .
three people playing musical instruments outside on chairs . beautiful bride and groom , getting married overlooking the water . a bride holding white roses stands with her groom smiling . a group of young people in party dress posing for another camera . bride and groom are dancing together and some people behind looking on .
the band played for the guests . the bride and groom looked amazing . they were ready for their closeup . everyone then hit the dance floor . we watched as the couple had their first dance .
three women playing instruments in an outdoor setting . a bride and groom looking at each other outdoors . an asian man and woman smile on their wedding day a group of people posing for a photo in formal wear . black and white picture of an asian couple dancing .
we braved the cold weather and joined everyone in the square . the crowd surrounded the large fountain . some people started dancing in the water , despite the cold . we had a lot of fun . everyone was waving their flags and supporting their country .
a couple stands among a large crowd gathered in a city street . a man posing in front of a water fountain the woman with blue eyes standing beside a crowd of people is smiling a woman posing for a picture with an english flag people showing national pride in front of a small pool of water .
this young couple is checking out the sites when they come across a big crowd of people . this is such a beautiful fountain he could not refuse taking a picture with it . the young lady is definitely having a good time in the crowd . she is proud of her country . it is great to be part of a group of people celebrating the same thing .
a couple takes a picture in a foggy marathon parade a man looks back an smiles while the crowd in front of him looks toward a fountain . a woman is smiling into the camera with a group of people in the background . a woman in a crowd with an orange and white flag . a group of citizens wave flags at a public gathering .
this is our first trip to location . [male] is so excited he ca n't stop smiling . val is enjoying the beautiful waether . val showing off her new present . we enjoyed the whole evening here
a busy city street on a chilly day a smiling man is behind people facing a fountain near some people with flags with orange crosses . the lady was happy to see the president at the capitol . a smiling woman holds up a flag of [location] with the words `` evening standard '' printed on it a group of individuals are shown waving a flag .
this guy was in the groove , he could n't stay still ! the crowd was so into it , he made sure to face the mic our way so we could be heard as well ! i was so close to the stage , i was practically face to face with the singers . and when he was n't singing , he was jamming on the guitar . this was such an awesome concert , i 'd see it again !
the performer is up on the stage and holding a microphone . a man is standing on stage pointing the microphone at the crowd . an artist with sunglasses that is entertaining the crowd . two musicians are up on the stage playing guitar . a band performs amidst professional lighting and sound equipment .
this is a singer known as bad rad . the back up singer and bad rad have been friends since childhood . bad rad started the group when they were in their late teens . he also plays lead guitar for the group . at the end bad rad raises his arms in solidarity with his many fans .
the man in the black and red cardigan is center stage with the microphone . a black man on stage is holding out a microphone . man wearing sunglasses singing into microphone on stage a couple of people playing guitars for the people to hear . the concert was great and the energy high it was the best times of their lives .
this concert was really fun ! there were a lot of people there and the performers even got the crowd involved . the performers themselves were very talented and really got people excited for the party . at the end of the day , we all had fun singing , dancing and making memories .
a band plays on stage with the singer out in front . a man in a white tee shirt and sunglasses holds out a microphone while other men play guitar in the background a man is on the stage performing with sunglasses . two guitar players at the b.o.b . welcome home concert at [location] a musician on stage with his band at a concert .
let put together a train make sure to wear your goggles when you are using tools let 's make this train personal putting the finishing all aboard the fun train
the people are building something in shop class the girl is wearing safety glasses and holding a power drill . a young girl drawing on the underside of a wooden chair . a man and a child are working on a cart these kids were not happy with how small the cars the had to ride in were
today i took the children to wood working . the project is to build a giant train . each child contributed to building the train when it was complete the all the trains were connected together . the train was pulled along with all the children in tow .
a woman is helping a child build a wooden structure a young girl in a workshop is holding a power drill . a person is drawing with a green marker on a piece of plywood . a man ties a rope to a wooden wagon holding a boy . children riding in wood wagons in a line .
the kids banded together to make a train out of wood . everyone used proper safety precautions . the kids were allowed to decorate the inside 's of their cars . this made for a great father/son activity . when it was all done , the kids got to ride the train . choo choo !
the lady is helping the child make a project in shop class . the lady is dressed in an orange color blouse the little girl is drawing on the woods . a man putting together a wooden wagon for the boy . i thought the kids were a little big for a ride but they assured me it was fine .
today is the day of the big hike . everyone came out to do this journey together . the waterfall is beautiful . the guy has definitely accomplish his mission . it is now time to go home .
the man stood in the wood with his walking stick . a group of people taking a hike up a rocky hill . a waterfall is falling down on the rocks . a person walks near an old rock slide in a cliff face ? two men are next to a red truck
a view of our bed and breakfast from the hillside . [male] hiking up the trail and posing for a picture . a long line of folks ahead of us trying to make it to the top . this is our group heading back down after making the summit . back at the truck and heading in for some food .
a man is dressed up in blue and holding a cane a man and a woman are standing on the rocky ground in front of a large hill the waterfall rushes over the jutting and mossy rocks . a person is walking on rocky barren ground beneath a rocky cliff . a four wheel drive pickup truck with mud tires and cap and lights in a fall mountain scene with two old guys standing by it .
this man is going hiking . the trail goes through many different types of natural landmarks . this waterfall is 15 miles from where the party started the hike . these rock walls line the trail . [male] and [male] loved going on nature hikes .
an older man in proper hiking gear poses in the forest . two people pose for the camera while a line of people behind them hike up a hill the water rushed fast down the small waterfall . the mountain showcases many of nature 's beautiful sights . the two men are standing in front of the red truck .
here we are in location . to help the families . we talk with the mayor . these are the locals . they are friendly . this is the school they get to go to right now . a couple of the local children going into the tents for school .
a man stands at a tank and shoots his gun man in a military uniform talking to another man in the desert . a female soldier with a class full of muslim girl students under a tent , sits rows of very old school desks on a dirt floor . women with head coverage in a tent camp
the soldier was in the military vehicle . the soldier was explaining something to the man . the soldier was in the picture with the children . the empty classroom has classic wooden desks . the were various camps set up .
an army man wears a mask over his face as he drives a tank . a soldier in uniform outside talking to another man a large group of children pose for a picture with a female member of the army . a make shift school room with wooden desk in a tent a group of kids that are next to the tents .
location troops are dispatched to location last month . solders and snipers are vigilantly performing their duties . they are also meeting the local leaders . some of the female soldiers visit local girls ' school . the soldiers even attend the meetings of local people in different villages .
the soldier is driving a tank during daylight . a soldier in the [location] [location] talking to a man soldier posing with group of conformist muslim children wearing hijabs school desks set up outside in a tent young girls wearing head coverings stand between rows of tents .
on a snowy day , the family decided to go to the city park . it was a long walk to the park . the park was beautiful . even the bridge was covered n snow . all of the trees were heavy with fresh snow . the family built a snowman and had a lot of fun .
buildings topped with snow sit in the distance behind ice covered trees . a couple people walking along side a long trench stretching across a large snow covered field next to a small town or city . snow is in the river and on a bridge of concrete park area with snow covered trees and ground . a snow covered snowman gazes at a frosted tree .
we went to the big city in the winter and saw a gorgeous snow city . we made tracks in the snow on a romantic walk . we found a breathtaking bridge with snow covered on it . the snow on the trees was awesome to see in the park . we spent a few hours building a snowman and putting a hat on him .
i see a lot of snow in this city scene . a path trudged in the snow away from a small town . a pedestrian bridge is decorated for christmas in a snowy park . trees in a forest covered with snow a snowman with a top hat and broom overlooks a snowy day .
after the blizzard everyone was ready to make snowmen this bridge got really icey and a few people slipped . at night the town was glowing . the light from the streetlamps was bouncing off the freshly fallen snow . by the morning time the roads had mostly been cleared off . the lake stayed frozen for weeks afterward , though .
snow covered buildings seen through icy trees with the sun peaking out over the rooflines buildings can be seen in the distance with a snow-covered field in the foreground . the snow is almost up to the top of the bridge many snow covered trees in a city park the snow man even has a blanket of snow on him .
remember when halloween was scary monsters and stuff ? well evidently no one at [male] and steph 's party did . i spent most of the night trying to figure out what [male] was supposed to be . and [male] as a really politically incorrect pimp ... that was just sad . [male] had a pretty accurate army costume , because it was his actual organization . well at least [male] was scary , since i hate clowns . but [female] still does n't get what dressing up means .
the boy in the suit has documents taped all over him . a caucasian man is wearing a colorful clown wig joking around . a man dressed up in a scare crow costume . a man dressed as a brightly colored clown with a rainbow wig and red nose being hug by a girl in a black and white striped shirt . a man dressed as a pimp at a halloween party .
looks like halloween reporting has the got the best of me . do i really look happy ? this scare crow would make the corn field cry ! i 'm in love with the clown . cool dude , how about a little purple .
a young man wearing a suit with papers taped to him a man is wearing a rainbow wig and sticking out his tongue . a scarecrow wearing a flannel shirt , jeans , and a wide-brimmed hat a smiling clown and smiling woman at a party . he wore the outfit probably and showed his style and panache .
when i got to the party everyone was already there . there were many different kinds of costumes . one was made out of paper . some were very flashy . others were wearing their work uniforms . some people forgot and thought it was a birthday party .
a young boy wearing a long tie has papers attached to him a person with a clown wig sticking their tongue out the scarecrow even came to the halloween party . a lady snuggling up to the smiley and colorful clown . a man dresses in a `` pimp '' costume to celebrate halloween .
[female] came to visit . here we are waiting in the lounge . the event is about to start . she is shaking hands with a local politician . the event was a huge success .
[female] [male] and a group of her peers walking away from an airplane . three people sitting on a couch next to two women sitting in their own chairs . a woman is handing a object to another woman . a politician shaking hands with a man wearing a suit . the large group of men and women wear matching shirts or military uniforms .
[female] [male] arrives for a meeting with supporters . ms. [male] and some supporters meet privately . the lady in blue seems to be in charge . a local dignitary shakes hans with the candidate . everybody wants to be photographed with [female] .
[female] [male] talking to a woman after getting off a plane . [female] rodham [male] , dressed in her pants suit , is asking the lady in blue if she ever had an affair with [male] . the woman is handing something to the other woman . the former secretary of state stands posing for a picture while shaking hands with a man in a suit and purple tie . [female] [male] waves to the camera in front of a group of supporters .
these two woman finally got a chance to meet . they collaborated about possible future business relationships . then they gave their speech . and met some good people . before they left they got a group picture .
[female] [male] standing next to a woman outside a plane . group of people gathered together in small icing room . [female] [male] is handing a speaker to the woman at the podium . a deal is being finalized in front of the camera . older couple in business attire waving in a crowd of many other dressed in military uniforms and volunteer shirts .
today [male] and i got to watch the kids karate recital . this kid was very impressive , i do n't know how he made it through that board but watching it break in half made even my hand hurt ! our sweet [female] did n't have as good of a show to put on..so she kicked the air a few times [male] did great , we 're so proud of him ! a few moments after this he kicked that little girl right in the head , good times . the recital ended with each kid getting trophies , thank goodness because [female] would n't have walked away with anything for those embarrassing kicks .
a martial arts expert breaks a pile of boards while the audience displays astonished reactions . a girl practices martial arts while others look on . two children practicing martial arts in front of their peers . a little girl is kicking her feet in the air . a boy that is holding onto the blue trophy .
the karate championship was a big hit ! all the best fighters showed their kicks . legs and fists were flying around . it was very fun to see all this action . our family came away with four trophies , we were really happy .
a young martial artist breaks several wood planks with his elbow . a young boy dressed in a ewhuite kungfu attire practising a kick boxing tournament for preteen age children . a girl in mid kick during a karate match . four children hold their trophies as they are the winners .
they had a karate competition today . they did their katas . they spared other contestants . they had a good time sparing mostly . they all 4 won something .
a man is constructing an object on the floor a person in a karate uniform with a red belt doing a karate pose . two kids practicing kick boxing have a battle a pair of young children fight each other in a martial arts match . a group of school children posing with trophies they 've received
we went to an technology show . they had some unusual things . my dad liked this scooter thing . there were lots of small robots . there were some bi robots too .
a small car is demoed at a show under blue lighting . furry animals being pet by some people inside a building the guy in pink shirt is riding a mowped an black and yellow science fair robot on display . hey young boy standing next to a metal robot .
today 's convention involved a bunch of new technology . electronic seals dazzled the attendees . a man on a segway showed off some tricks he had been working on for years . a small robot stood on a table and talked trash to people walking by . an even bigger robot walked around taking pictures with attendees until it was shut down .
the doors of a little red car are open and people are looking at it like a display . a nurse practices medical procedures on a stuffed animal . an older gentleman is riding on a segway . a robot sits on the table in front of two people . a little boy standing beside a robot that is the same height as he is .
the japanese tech show had toys and gadgets for everyone . a robot that looked like a seal was used for autism research . segways were redesigned to be more efficient . pint sized robots roamed the tables . and child sized robots left everyone in awe .
people getting in to a small car that is parked indoors stuffed otters with pacifier-like devices are set on tables . man in orange tropical shirt on top of a motorized scooter . two men with a toy robot standing in front of them a little boy stands next to a life sized robot that is the same size as him .
testing a new video game design . we 're making them meet in the park to watch different work videos . i think they are getting bored . if we ca n't their attention then the game fails . there we go , a band is playing to keep them entertained . this is a great band . they are enjoying the music .
a computer generated picture depicts a monument a simulation shows people sitting and walking around a park . the screenshot that is made during a video game a video game screen of avatars walking around a grassy plaza . a screenshot of a group of people gathered together .
omg , she must be tripping . everything looked like a video game . what happened to the world ? everyone was cartoonish . stop it .
a bunch of video game characters are interacting a computer animated scene of a park with people an animated scene shows people in a field looking at a giant screen . a screenshot of a game shows several characters and a stage . a seen with people in it from a video game
there is this awesome video game i play . it 's a lot like real life . i control a human and i go through human like events . it 's very addicting . sometimes i like to sit around in the game like i do in life .
we really enjoyed the entertainment with this game . a computer generated picture of people outside watching tv olympic style rings hang overhead in this graphic of a presentation outdoors . an image of a game on a play station with images of how it moves a computer image of people in a park setting with a stage and seats circled around the stage .
dad and i love cars . the local dealership hosted a small car show and they cooked food on the grill . my favorite car was this blue subaru . it was beautiful . they even did an oil change tutorial . all of the cars were beautiful . i ca n't wait to get me a new ride .
a sign for allpro is above a parked car four men and a baby at a bbq grill with hamburgers and hot dogs a blue racing car that is parked in a parking space man looking at the engine truck under a tarp smoke rises from the rear of a car in a parking lot .
this past saturday the boys at organization organization organization decided to have a bbq while tricking out their cars . as the burgers grilled , the boys started on the cars . stan handled the new brake installations . while [male] , [male] , and [male] worked on the engine . little deb inspects the new build as the team moved onto the next car .
a car is parked in a spot outside men outside grilling hamburgers and sausages . one man is holding a toddler . a blue cars is parked in a parking lot next to a black vehicle . trying to figure out what is wrong with the van and get it fixed . many cars are parked at an auto repair shop .
the car show was awesome . we had a bbq while we waited for everyone to get there . my car was the favorite amongst those who gathered . we spent the whole day comparing engines and cars in general . it was the most fun i 've had in months .
a suburu sits in a parking space as some males watch . a group of men grilling food outside of a business . parking lot that has at least two cars in it with one of them being a blue sports car . some men work on the engine of a vehicle . a row of cars is parked in a parking lot outside a store .
we watched the fireworks this year under a blue light . this way there was less glare . some of the fireworks were blue too . my dog felt lonely since he was n't the center of attention and so he just laid down by our side the entire night . my girlfriend was pretty busy running around getting things and food . she took some time out from all her duties though and was able to enjoy some of the show with me .
a young redheaded woman sitting on a young mans lap . a man and woman are smiling for the photographer . the two men are sitting outside and have a blue glow . a bunch of blue lights with a black background . a brown and black dog lying on someone 's feet in the grass
i spent the fourth with my boyfriend and his family ! we both agreed to leave early to get to the fireworks show before everyone else . we laid out blankets on the ground , so we 'd have somewhere to sit and watch the show . the fireworks show was awesome ! even the dog was excited about the celebration .
a girl on the lap of a boy posing for a picture a man and a woman smiling together while taking a picture . two men sitting on the ground in the dark . a large assortment of squiggly red and blue glowing lights . the dog is lying at the feet of a man who is wearing blue jeans .
the group of friends had a night together to fun . everyone was so happy to see each other . then they sat outside for the night . the camera settings were off and captured some strange photos . even the dog joined them outside .
red haired young woman sitting on the lap of a man in black t shirt a blurry picture of a couple smiling at a function . two men are sitting on a blanket in the grass at night , and are laughing . blue design images over lapping each other with a few other colors off to the right . a relaxed brown dog laying on the feet of someone wearing jeans .
some friends had a theme party for halloween . everyone dressed up in costumes and enjoyed time together . he played the part of a sheriff from the old west . boas and gloves were popular . this little guy was n't in costume , but he did get to play cops and robbers .
a woman sitting on the carpet with a glass of wine wearing silver gloves and a scarf a young man holding a wine glass , making a toast . a man sitting and staring down into a glass a woman is wearing a long white satin glove behind a man a boy is pointing a pistol to the side .
he liked to think of himself as [male] draper . she knew he was no [male] draper . she put on the evening gloves he had given her . the children enjoyed the hot chocolate around the christmas tree . after the children had all gone to bed , they tried to smoke but found it disgusting .
a woman wearing long silver gloves sits in front of a fireplace with a glass of wine . a man in black and white holding a half-full glass on champagne . a man with a tan jacket with a law enforcement star drinking a glass of wine . woman sitting in chair putting on white glove kid cocking a handgun with another kid arching over a cigar .
our family loves to play dress up . it 's a great to pass the time . we have a lot of different things to try . the kids really enjoy it . we should do it again sometime .
a woman in a black dress , silver gloves and a purple boa on her neck . a bearded white man in period dress toasts with red wine . a man wearing a leather jacket drinking a glass of wine the lady is wearing a boa and a white glove . kids playing a game inside of a house .
the market was having a huge sale today , so the workers expected a lot of people to drive by . before they opened , they set out all of their produce , and made sure there were signs explaining how the sale worked . finally , people started showing up , and the sale was a great hit .
a red and black sign that reads `` public market '' . several cars are parked along the road while one drives down it . the veggie stall has carrots , beets , and lots of other vegetables . the seafood market had two signs on display . the people are having a great time at the reception .
i love taking trips to the market . its a bit of a drive but well worth it . they have fresh vegetables and fruit all week . as well as plenty of fish and meat . the best part has to be the people though .
a sign with red letters for a public market is s on a frame . the architectural designs in this city are odd . fresh vegetables are on outdoor display - as well as flowers . a display of iced fresh whole dungeness crab a large group of people under uniquely designed roof .
three senior students took a cruise of the bay . after the cruise one of the student went market shopping . all three students are taking a bus tour viewing the scene . all three students are being presented with metal for outstanding performance . before returning home , the students are having a conversation .
a market sign that is displayed in the air . long shot of a street that only has a few flags and cars a fruit and vegetable stand is also selling flowers . crabs on ice in a store with store offer labels and prices . people gathered together in the building for a party .
we attended one of the organization games while visiting in location . we got there early to watch the batting practice . before the game a military troop came on to the field for recognition . the troops presented the flags prior to the game . the players took the field for the game .
the military personnel marched their way onto the field a photographer is taking a picture of the band members . the soldiers and the [organization] [organization] if on the football field the runner is sliding into home plate during a baseball game . jumbo screen at ball park above filled fan stands
after waiting for a long time the ball game finally began . we still had to go through the beginning procedures . we took a few minutes to say the pledge . and then it was time to play ball ! i had a great time that game .
a group of people that are on the track . a few members from a band playing instruments on a field . a large group of the military saluting the flag a corner of a baseball field can be seen a crowd of people fill the stands at a ball game .
instead of watching in the tv we are able to watch it live . we are proud of our soldiers . love to hear the music , it was played before the game . our soldier in the field we are honored to have them . first time to watch baseball game live , it was so much action and fun . big giant screen during break time , it was fun entertaining people during the break .
the crowd in the stands all rise when the military marches out on to the field . an air force band playing the national anthem before a baseball game . army saluting the flag on a stadium wearing uniform picture taking above of baseball player sliding into first base before the ball reaches the plate with the umpire ready to call him safe . a ball park with a huge crowd and giant tv screen .
taking this trip to the beach , was the best idea ever . the light illuminating the water way was tranquil . the water had receded just enough to see the beautiful sand . a closeup of us all together , just having a blast . a memory for the books .
three people stands and smiles for the camera . a full moon over the water on a dark night . an empty beach on what looks like a cold , gray day . three people smile and pose for a picture . three people are smiling at the camera in the dark .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i love this place
the family is coming in close and posing for a picture a reflection of the moon through clouds in the night on the water . a photo of people in the distance on a beach . three people are posing for a picture on a dark night a group of people standing in the night time darkness .
everyone came over for our yearly thanksgiving meal . the kids had been playing most of the day . [male] and [female] could n't stay awake long enough for supper . finally the meal was ready everyone gathered around the table . [male] was falling asleep all throughout supper . once he was so tired his head fell into his soup .
a group of people posing for a night time picture . a strong ray of moonlight shines down onto the water below . a picture of a beach with a little water and some trees in the distance . two women and a man pose for a picture at night . three people are outside on a dark night
a boy is singled out in the photo of his class . he had two brothers that were younger than he was . as he grew he got more handsome . he posed for a portrait on his wedding day . finally at his wedding he poses with his mom and aunt .
this is a photo of a group of children with one in closeup . three little boys stand side by side according to height the head shot is a man wearing a tie . old photograph with a man in a suit and tie with handkerchief in his pocket . two old-timey women stand close together with a man butting his head through the space between their bodies .
marge was a matronly woman with a wonderful aptitude for calming family disputes . this was a helpful trait because her three sons were always getting into trouble . she sometimes visited her father and her two nieces , but only on a monthly basis . her grandparents had originally migrated from location on an ocean liner in 1923 . their favorite times were getting together for family reunions and reliving old times .
an old school photo with one of the children 's photos blown up and highlighted off to the side . the boys stood from tallest to shortest a black and white picture of a young , clean-cut man in a suit . a sharp looking young man in a nice suit posing for a photo a photograph that is taken in black and white
i found these old pictures in the closet . i think this is a school picture of my great-great-grandfather . he was the middle child . this is him with his two siblings . family history says he was good-looking . there sure seem to be more pictures of him than anyone else . he certainly was popular with the ladies !
old black and white photo of a group of children this is a very old photo of boys from the early 1900 's probably . a portrait of a young man in a suit posing . hey man wearing formal attire posing for a picture with black three women are standing together in black and white
we had a halloween party this year . the cake was a grave . the place had karaoke , too . everyone got a little drunk . everyone hung out while really drunk .
a cake with gravestone frosting and candles on table . a church sign displays the times for [organization] [organization] and worship . a woman in a black veil and goth clothes has smeared makeup . a man with short brown hair is holding a microphone . the man and woman are on the couch lounging and drinking beer .
the party was starting . it was held at the churches festival . people wore costumes . the singer was talented . we danced the night away until we dropped .
a unique and ornamental desert sits on a table . a church sign advertises what is offered inside . a woman is wearing a black veil over her head the man is holding the microphone in his right hand and cord in the left . a man and woman in black sitting on the couch
aunt [female] got married today ! here 's the cake . for some reason , she wanted to get married in location . here 's [female] in here dress . ( she wanted a more gothic approach ) and uncle [male] did the preaching . after that , [female] and her new husband enjoyed some german beer .
a brown cake surrounded by doughnut holes and candles is set out by some forks . a german church sign advertising worship and sunday school . my friend was so goth , she cried black tears . a man in a yellow shirt dancing and performing karaoke . the two people on the couch are enjoying their drinks .
[female] fun ! slip and slide . here goes my brother . how 'd he get up like that ? oh , he taught me how to do it . let 's all go down together .
a big sign sits on the ground near a big house . several kids wearing board shorts have made a slip-and-slide on the lawn with a hose and sheets of plastic . children are on a beach covered in sand and wearing bathing suits a girl sliding down a slip and slide . a boy in a black outfit sliding down a long white tarp .
the kids set up a huge water slide on the hill . they looked down it in anticipation . everyone had a look of determination as they prepared to slide . the sister braved the slide first . they the smallest brother slid down .
a house is built next to a hill . children are sitting on the ground looking straight ahead . three children together in swim gear and on a towel . a smiling girl sliding down a plastic slide . a young boy slides down belly first at this fun outdoor activity .
[female] was the first to own the water slide of our four children . calab was next and despite our warnings he went in head first . he quickly turned himself around toward the end though to right himself . then he joined his sister for a joint ride down the slide , both pacing themselves so they did not run into one another . meeting up at the top once more with her other brother and sister .
people are using a water slide in front of a large house . four children sit on a wet slip and slide . three kinds in their swimsuits hanging by the pool a young girl goes down a large slide on a hill . a boy sliding head first down a plastic slide .
these people are carving their own pumpkins . this is just one of the many faces that was carved into the pumpkin . they have two beautiful brown dogs . they like to display their art pieces around the home . the pumpkins are truly a work of art and they do a very good job .
two asian people posing in front of pumpkins people pose with their dogs and four jack o'lanterns . the pumpkin carving looked funny , everybody had a blast . a woman standing next to a pool is holding something and talking to two brown dogs . the pumpkins are carved and lit up with candles .
we are so proud of our pumpkins . even the dog enjoyed them . some of the pumpkins looked funny . the dogs always enjoy jumping in the pool . at night time when the pumpkins are all lit up they look amazing .
the couple posed for the camera with smiles two women , one man and two golden retrievers are posing with a row of carved pumpkins a man and woman while the man holds a carved pumpkin which is carved in the image of the woman . a woman gestures to two medium sized dogs as they are about to jump into a pool . five spooky jack o'lanterns lit up with candles. ,
mylee and [male] sitting next to their carved pumpkins . here 's the two of them with their dog and a family friend . [male] is showing his impression on mylee . mylee is trying to get the dogs to jump in the pool . finally the carvings are completed and look very scary .
two close people smiling at the camera with halloween pumpkins behind them . three people on their knees in front of carved pumpkins with dog a man holding a carved out pumpkin face a lady trying to get her dogs to jump in the pool . a depiction of halloween pumpkin lit up for a special occasion .
the capitol in the town square that we were exploring . a few differnt shops that we windowed shopped at these gnomes were way too expensive the square is stunning when lit up at night i wish i had one of those lights in my living room
statues and bushes adorn the entrance to this ornate building . people walking around the town looking at booths with stuff for sale . a group of gold figures sits under a christmas tree . a building with a green dome at the top . city street lit by large lamps in between buildings .
me and a few friends went on vacation ! we went to this very nice building , but i can not remember the name of it . we went to the organization organization , which was very fun . we met a few royals while there ! at night , we hit the town . we went to the bar and had a few drinks . after that , we stopped at a souvenier store to get some things before finally heading back to the hotel .
a large brick building is white with a green roof . shops along a street in a european city being visited by man people . collection of multiple christmas themed brass cake molds a night scene of a downtown building looks pretty with its lights on . a group of people that are on the streets .
when i arrived in location , the weather was a bit cold . many of the buildings were incredibly ornate , with statues near the entrances . the palace was beautiful , and very big . the city was all decked out in lights for the christmas festival . we went in a store and saw some beautiful christmas decorations .
the front of the building has statues of men on horses . a variety of people walking around an outdoor marketplace . a group of objects that stand tall on the table . a building is lit up at night in greens and yellows an inside shopping area that looks like a street that has lights strung across the street and chandeliers in the center of the street .
the rave promised to be a great party . the man was ready for an exciting night , and hoped to scare a few friends with his mask . the friends were not loosened up yet , but the night was still young ! the party was filled with colors and lights . the friends crowded together to chat . the girl hoped her angel costume would be a big hit .
on the black wall are letters painted in bright green and orange colors . the man with dark hair is giving a peace sign with his hand . two guys posing for a picture hugging with their drinks young woman with huge sunglasses with friend at gathering . the blurry view of some lights on stage .
it is rave night at the flu room ! rave night makes this guy pretty happy . peace ! everyone is happier with a cocktail in hand . per-ma grin and huge glasses we do not need to tell these girls how to have a good time . pretty lights ! happy people , this night is a success .
the wall of green and red graffiti on top of cartoon young adult man flashes peace gesture in night time photo . two guys with alcoholic beverages are looking drunk . a woman with very large blue glass with her arm around another woman . a time-lapsed night scene captures the movements of bright lights .
as they walk up they check out the sign before the festivities he paused to take a picture . he took a picture of his best friends before the party started . they are headed out to the light show . the bright lights were quite exciting to end the night .
a homemade sign is shown for some type of special event . the guy is smiling and looking happy doing some peace sign on the camera two people posing for a picture with drinks a woman with oversized sunglasses is smiling next to her friend . an image of night time lights blurred by motion .
people gather together in the cold to go for a swim . the water still has sheets of ice in it . some people are there just to watch and take pictures . it`s a big event that happens every year . that water is completely freezing , those are some brave people .
two shirtless men are jumping off of the wooden poles . ice forms on the water in this wintry mountainous scene . a large crowd is gathered and many are filming or taking pictures . a crowd of swimmers is gathered on the shore of a river with snow on the ground . adults in bathing suits submerged in water with mountains in the background .
[male] , [male] and [female] had signed up to do the polar plunge for charity . there were many people there that day that had signed up . after the first few people jumped in , it went fast . there were as many onlookers as people participating . there were also many people that were scared to jump in .
group of people watching two shirtless men preparing to jump off a bridge . a large body of water near some mountains large group of people gathered outside by some trees . people are in the water with snow on the ground . a group of people are in water that appears to be very cold while a group of kiyaks are in deeper water .
today was the day of the polar plunge for charity ! the water was so cold it had ice in parts of it . tons of people came out to take the plunge . everyone 's ready to run into the water . the water was so freezing !
two men in shorts standing on wood beams . a lake with broken ice floting on it and low hills in the background . a group of people gather in the streets . a big crowd of people on the shore of a lake people are spread out in the ocean swimming .
m & ms came over for a visit . i told my sisters eminem was in the house downstairs . they ran down the stairs but he joke was on them . mom and dad also ran downstairs to see . my sister laughed at them and started dancing around because they fell for it too .
a caucasian man wearing an orange mickey mouse jacket . a woman that is smiling next to a friend . a man that is smiling in an orange costume . a man wearing a poncho and a sombrero and a woman in a witch hat . a belly dancer with her hands in the air
my costume had finally arrived in the mail just in time for the party . i had a great time showing it to all the people there . after a while i decided to rest in the living room . i had a great time there . some of the other costumes were very good too .
a caucasian man smiling in an m & ms orange costume two woman dressed up at a costume party . a man sits lounging in an m & m costume . a man wearing a sombrero stands beside a woman with a witch 's hat . woman in a skimpy outfit with arms in the air partying
the giant m & m costume was a treat and there were many beautiful ladies . he had to take a break though and others took photos while the pretty lady danced .
this man is ready for a night on the town in his shiny orange m & m outfit and fancy white fedora . 2 women smiling and posing for a photo young man smiling while wearing red m & m halloween costume . a couple dressed up for a costume party a woman dressed in costume doing a belly dance .
some of the new equipment came today . now we can set up and organize the office . we like to check out the electronics first . some people are no help setting things up . there , all finished ; clean , cozy and comfortable .
a brown box with the words koffer is on the desk . it magazines are protected by clear plastic wrapping . two people sitting on the couch while looking at a laptop a man contemplates the data before making a decision the blogger lounge is vacant but has plenty of chairs .
we moved offices earlier this week . so much work to do . here are some of the most used tools . wires , wires , everywhere . i sure do like the view though . putting together bookshelves is always a good time .
a box with the word koffer written on it in black pen , with red crosses all over it . a bunch of electronic products still in packaging are shown . the two people are watching the screen a man sits alone in a small office area . cheap furniture in a room in different dark colors
this is the first package to arrive at my new office . i 'm very excited about this opportunity ! in the box i found all of my promotional material . this will definitely boost business ! here i am going over the business plan with my partner . do n't we look deep in thought ? this is our desk . we 're starting to get really organized . this is the waiting area for the clients . i think we may put a coffee maker in soon . i love my new office !
a cardboard box says `` open here '' in german . several magazines are stacked together under plastic wrap . the two men are watching the laptop screen . an image of a man that is sitting at a desk the room is set up for bloggers and those wanting to use electronics .
the final project before graduating was the thesis presentation to the panel . each student gave their presentation on stage . when it came time for the graduation ceremony , they stood next to their classmates . then , the graduates posed with their colleagues and family members . finally , they walked across the stage and collected their accolades .
one person is up on the stage at the podium with a big screen beside him . a man at a podium address a large group of soldiers . a military man is giving a lecture about art people in red , green and black robes lining up for graduation an asian man in a graduation cap and gown
the graduates were shown a movie about global warming . they all sat in confusion and boredom . a speaker told them to imagine that they just won the lottery . the teachers looked confused in regard to that statement . professor smith was the most confused out of everyone .
a presentation on natural gas in terms of russian state power a group of military members are seated in an arena watching a seminar . a man in a soldier 's dress blues stands in front of an assembly while explaining the power point presentation of the screen . group of academics is entering for a graduation ceremony . the graduate posed for the camera with a solemn look
everyone was very excited at the graduation ceremony . there were a lot of military members present . there was a thesis statement as well . all of the staff were very proud . i had a great time there .
a speaker stands at the podium and talks about natural gas . military personnel viewing a presentation in a lecture hall . a military officer gives a power point presentation . a group of people lined up and entering a graduation ceremony a man in cap in gown looking at the camera in a line .
the organization homecoming game recognized breast cancer awareness . the homecoming queen and her court were excited for the game . the whole homecoming court stops for a picture . it 's almost game time , but there is time for one more shot with the adorable court pages . the pages pose with the wildcat mascot , dreaming of their high school futures .
four women in cheer leading uniforms holding up signs . the girls that were elected for homecoming queen were all of the girls in the senior class young well dressed girls sit in front of football players at ceremony . the team had gathered on the football field for one last picture . two children in formal wear stand posing next to a human dressed as a cougar .
the cheerleaders were celebrating the big game . the girls were all dressed in their prom dresses . they took a picture with the football team . a lot of there families joined in the picture . the kids were a little scared of the mascot .
group of cheerleaders posing in front of banner for cancer support five young girls hold bouquets of red roses . a group of football players are posing with their dates prom winners at the high school football game . two small children stand with a person wearing an animal costume .
this was sure to be an exciting homecoming game . there were five contestants for homecoming queen . the homecoming king and queen contestants really look nice . it 's going to be a hard decision . here is all of the royalty together . the flower girl and crown bearer look so cute with our mascot .
some cheer leaders hold signs for their school five high school girls dressed as a homecoming queen and her court are holding roses . a prom picture with 5 females and 5 football players homecoming [male] and [female] with the [female] 's court the lion mascot posed with a scary look behind the two kids holding roses and a ring pillow .
my daughter had her nails painted . we went for a walk down the beach . it was her birthday that day so we got her a big cake . she made a duck-face which made us think she was angry . in reality , she was happy .
two hands applying nail polish to a toe . a man and two walking down a beach . a young girl is blowing out the candles on a birthday cake . the young girl is giving a frown on her face a child with very blond curls is looking up .
the family decided to take a beach vacation to celebrate their daughter 's birthday . up first : pedicures ! dad and the kids took a walk under the boardwalk while mom decorated . the girl blew out her candles and made a wish . but the puppy she wished for never showed . this made her sad . she cheered up after opening up presents .
hands holding small toes and painting a toe nail . a man and his kids are walking on a beach towards an overpass a female child blowing out a candle on a cake . a young girl with blond hair is making a funny face . her hair is pulled up in a top knot with a striped bow . she wears a white t-shirt with a cartoon graphic on it . her little eyes are scrunched up and she appears to be pouting . the young boy is looking at the camera
started the day off by painting her nails . enjoying the beach with her father and brother . blowing out the candles of her birthday cake . birthday girl having a moment of anger . her face quickly changes to a smile .
a women 's hands hold a foot about to paint the toenails . a man , a boy and a girl walk along the shore toward the pier . a girl blowing out the candles on a cake a very upset looking young girl making a silly face . a young boy is looking at the camera .
the annual community holloween night , hosted by the wicked witch of the library was a raging success . whether in costume or not , kids of all ages enjoyed games and activities . ninjas were on hand to provide security . even the most devilish of the revelers had a rousing good time . everyone had such a good time , sleep came all too easy !
it was supposed to be a puppet but it scared the children too much to use it two children who are dressed in red and black costumes stand near a woman . a baby in a black outfit is asleep on the bed . a woman is smiling and holding a baby in costume a group of people gathered around for the picture
for halloween this year we took the family to the local community center event . there were games set up for the kids to play . everyone was dressed up in their costumes . it was great seeing everyone looking so festive . the baby did n't make it long before he was tuckered out and ready to sleep .
a person is costumed in a black cloak and mask with red eyes . two children that are in their favorite outfit . a baby boy that is sleeping on the ground . a woman holding a child who 's wearing a costume . the group is standing together near the parking lot .
the kids dress up for the halloween party . this little tot is a spooky ghost ! some of the costumes are creepy and some are as favorite movie characters such as darth vader . too much partying has put this little guy to sleep ! after waking up , it looks like maybe he 's ready for some candy ! halloween is a favorite holiday for the entire family .
the black crow with red eyes decoration looks like a malevolent coworker . two kids that are posing at a birthday party a baby in a halloween costume sleeping on the floor . a woman that is smiling at the sleeping baby . the adults and young child are standing in a close group .
there was no one on the stairs there was no one in the water . the park was completely abandoned . but maybe it was all for the best , the plants thought , because now no one will step on us and the animals will be free to roam around as they please .
a long windy stairwell with many trees around it . a small stream flows through a rock strewn area with green plants on its far bank . rocks and trees are found near a rushing river . the green plant was sitting on top a collection of leaves . a waterfall with lush undergrowth that is located deep in the jungle .
the teen outreach group went on a hike . the kids were all very excited to get to explore nature . they got up close and personal with the wild . and stopped for a break and a picnic lunch . they were all very impressed by the majesty of the outdoors .
this is a picture of a staircase outside a cement walkway is next to a river rocks on the top of a water fall a plant with green leaves outdoors during the day . a small waterfall trickles down the side of a rocky cliff in the wilderness .
the stairs meandered down the hillside among the lush , tropical vegetation . the sounds of the small brook were peaceful . a small waterfall intensified the sounds of the water . the underbrush was thick . a larger waterfall was ahead beyond the path .
a long staircase surrounded by trees winds up a hill . water rolls down a rocky stream surrounded by greenery . a brook displays its fast rushing water . a plant close to the ground has long green leaves a tall , cascading waterfall flowing in the tranquil forest .
i 've got a cottage on the lake that i like to go to for vacations . the lake is actually pretty big . we also have a boat out there . we usually build a campfire after the sun goes down . we build the fire in the compost pile because ashes are good for the garden .
an old fishing dock close to the woods . an island can be seen out on the water the wake of a boat makes the grayish water look white . flames of a fire burn in a small pile of wood . a bonfire that is on fire in the yard .
i went down to the beach last weekend . there was a big fire there . the storm clouds were also coming in . i spent some time at the beach . after a few hours i left to go home .
a couple of old shacks rest next to the lucid brown lake water . a lake scene with a dock down the shore and lined with trees all around . wake of a speedboat on water with shore behind . a small fire burns in a collection of logs against the darkness . a fire that is burning in the open . it is burning owwd .
the fire burned in an angry and nasty biblical way . the flames seemed to reached toward heaven . the sky was gray , dark with clouds gathered from the smoke of the fire . the fire as it appears to be loosing its power . fire , still destructive and cruel , but appearing contained .
a wooden dock sitting on a calm river . the tree hangs over the platform in the water . waves created by a boat in the water with land scene in the background . the wood in the fire burns , turning to ash . fire pit is blazing with sparks and flames within a cement block area on a metal grate .
the woman won an award and got a lot of credit for it . they watched her presentation as she presented her research and then had information at a table .
a man presents a woman a plaque and shakes her hand . a group of people sitting around tables at a conference . two men are manning a convention booth and wearing name tags . a man is giving a speech in a room . a small group of people standing to have their picture taken all wearing the same dark short sleeve shirts .
today [male] is being honored for his hard work in the company . he is attending the annual company appreciation show . during the show people even got to set up neat displays . a few people came out to speak about the company and what it means to work there . this is the group of people that were honored in the company .
a man shaking a woman 's hand he is giving a plaque to . a bunch of people sitting through a lecture . two men behind a table advertising for [organization] [organization] [organization] . a man in a suit at a podium on a small stage with a powerpoint presentation . an image of coworkers posing for a picture
award dinner and presentation for a select few of individuals.most of whom been waiting for recognition in all their efforts and hard work . large group attended this year 's session.we expanded and merged with another company , so more employees to attend . there were several displays set up , this was my favorite.they were most inviting and informative . each nominee got to present their ideas before the final votes . here is our regions members.the others are from various regions in our tristate area .
man in polo and khakis presenting woman in pink sweater and dress with award . a bunch of people are sitting at a presentation a convention display kiosk with two men there . a man standing on stage with a powerpoint presentation a group of similarly dressed people in plack shirts and khaki pants posing for a photo
we went on a tour in location and saw some really interesting people there . this man had a cool fan that he let us use . my family got to taste a lot of traditional asian cuisine . we went on tours of the ancient buildings there and got to see some cool artifacts . at the end of the day , my little brother was very tired from walking and we pushed him around in his stroller .
a skinny elderly man in a white tank top looking down toward the ground . a happy man walking with a fan to keep cool . a man and his young daughter eating ice cream a figurine of a golden pig is attached to a chain , and has six suckling piglets attached to its nipples . the boy is dressed in a light blue tr shirt
we went to a small town in location to met the people . they were very friendly and welcoming . they offered us the best ice cream . the souvenirs were just amazing . my son was very happy with his elephant .
a thin older man looking down at the ground . a man dressed in the traditional utire is posing for apctur a man and girl eating an orange colored snack . a golden pig necklace hanging on red velvet . a young boy on a child carrier holding a plastic toy
we spent the day out at the markets and saw some amazing sculptures ! there was a sad man out and about that touched my heart . we browsed the stores and found some cute stuffed animals . as well as an adorable pig souvenir . the architecture in this area is amazing !
an older man stands next to a bush with a crowd off in the distance . a man wearing green and red holding a fan . a man with glasses that is eating a spoon of ice cream . a pig is adorned on a japanese decoration an asian boy sits in a red stroller , holding a red plastic bag and a gray plastic elephant .
i fix old bikes for a living . i specialize in special editions . this brand is one of my favorites . the seat is perfectly contoured . and the gears are well made .
bicycle stands next to wall inside residential unit . a logo for life cycle is yellow on black . gold lettering on a dark shiny cylinder with a black pipe . metal gears on the back end of a bicycle . the bicycle is made of steel and is brown .
i just bought a new bike for my bicycle collection . this bike is really old and expensive . this one is a rare edition . everything still works . there is some slight wear but i 'm going to fix it up a little .
a bicycle leans up against a white wall in a room . a gray and gold metal tube that shows the words `` 1972-1982 lifecycle '' the yellow witten words are on a black plate peg where a pedal on a bike attaches to the gear to turn the chain the clack steel stick represents the country of [location] .
this is my racing bike . i have been in many races with my wonderful bike . it is a 10th anniversary edition life cycle . it is also in my favorite color , black and gold i had just won my my first race . thank you life cycle for not giving up on me my poor seat has taking a beating , but it is so comfortable ! i will be replacing the chain . as you can see it has been worn down already .
old black bicycle standing next to a door . an old trophy decorated the area of the athlete . a fishing pole with the words `` 10th anniversary edition '' on it close up view of the gears of a multi-speed bicycle a close up shot of a wreath icon on an object .
i really love kittens . are n't they beautiful . my friends and i decided to take pictures posing in our room that we made turn out to look of nothing but cats . we are all making silly poses to take . our friend here decided to just stand there and not show any emotion at all . my friend here decided to dance to her music all while making different poses for the camera .
a woman dressed as a cat posing with her cat . a quirky man in a small room is surrounded by musical equipment and graffiti . a woman stands in a room with much graffiti . a man stands in the middle of a room full of trash and graffiti . a woman makes a dance pose in a room filled with trash and graffiti .
the photo shot was hipster themed . people posed in the middle of a dirty room . some had dramatic poses . others did n't know what to do . but this lady made sure to make the most out of the experience .
a woman with feline face paint poses with her cat . a man is in a room that is trashed with litter . every wall and the ceiling are covered with graffiti . there is an organ in the room that appears to be in good condition , though it is covered with cups and spray cans . the man appears startled . a woman gazing on the graffiti riddled ceiling , surrounded by more graffiti a woman stands in the center of a badly painted room female surrounded by instruments and graffiti has her hands up in the air .
at the halloween party , one woman dressed up as a cat . it was held in a very dirty house . everyone had fun posing for photos . some people did n't dress up , though . regardless , everyone had a great time !
a woman with cat makeup on her face holds a real cat . a man wearing pajamas in a dirty room . a woman raises her hand to the ceiling covered in graffiti . man in brown shirt standing in a room covered in graffiti a woman in white is in a dirty room dancing .
[male] was 28 when he left his family . he was unhappy with his wife and child and decided to devote more time to his job . that was 40 years ago . he now wondered how his wife and child were doing . he did think about them sometimes . he considered that maybe his son grew up sad or lonely , selling trinkets in the street to survive . but then [male] remembered how happy he was to go off alone , without obligations or commitment . and he knew , even though he was now an old man , that he had made the right decision to leave .
the lady in black is cariyng red roses an older man appears in this picture from the neck up . a man with long hair is smiling outside black and white image of a young girl sitting on a woman 's shoulder . a woman wearing a hoodie is eating chicken from a box as she sits on a crate on the sidewalk .
walking int he market on a sunny and cold day . the dad goofy and funny and telling jokes . the son was smiling at his dad jokes . the mother and the son were getting hungry . decided to eat street food and enjoyed it .
people are walking the streets of a city the old man has balding hair that is gray . a man smiling who has long beatle like hair style . a chubby woman and her child sit outside by the street a black and white photo of a woman sitting
this was me back in 1967 . i had the world at my fingertips , with a lovely wife and child . my child was n't quite as lovely in the 1990 's . sometimes the only was i can really cope is to take a walk and clear my head . today , i look as old as i feel .
crowded street in urban area street on bright sunny day . a older gentleman with emotion in his face . adult man smiling while enjoying company of other adult . mom and daughter cuddled together watching as the parade goes by a person sits on a crate pulling items out of a box .
the buildings were so old in town . even the streets looked old and different than what i am used to seeing . they had a lot of little stands with fresh fruits for sale . they had a large variety of foods to choose from . they all looked so good and fresh .
people walking around a stone church on a winters day . a narrow alley running between old buildings dries off after the rain . a fruit stall spills out into a narrow street . a person walking down the side walk looking at food . the yellow vegetables are displayed in the stand .
i love the architecture of the old city the streets are narrow and everyone drive small cars local food is very good and very inexpensive all organic fruit and vegetables fruit and vegetables were cheap and delicious
people walk through the square in front of an ancient church . rows of buildings located down a narrow alley . a fruit market on a busy sidewalk with pedestrians walking by . vegetables and fruits are in abundance at this outdoor market in an old alleyway . a tempting fresh market of fruits and vegetables ; apples , pears , peppers , and eggplant .
the family was taking a stroll through the old part of town . the buildings were tall and close together . their were stands all over selling fresh produce . the stands stretched all the way down the street . we bought some peppers and pears .
a small local church in a european country a street is lined with cars and houses . a woman in a blue coat walks down and alley past a display of brightly colored fruit . a small group of people walking through a market in a street . assorted peppers , eggplants , pears and apples on crates .
each of these guitars cost $ 2000 . the band dazzled the crowd with music and special effects . [male] gumfrey sang his heart out that night . this performer was amazing , she danced as the music played in the background . [male] sang a song without music that had everyone crying .
a line of bass guitars hanging on hooks a band performing on a stage at night musician from [location] [location] place at a local venue . a woman play the accordion on stage at night . woman in costume dancing on a stage with lights .
setting up the guitars for the concert . rock band rocking the crowd . playing the piano and signing a slow song . playing her solo . dancing on stage .
a bunch of beautiful black and brown guitars . band playing at a concert with a large tv behind them blue spot light shining a man singing for the crowd . a woman wearing a gold dress playing an instrument . a woman performing on stage with nearby keyboard players .
a roadie had hung the guitars for easy access . this band changed guitars a lot . they had two lead guitarist and both were fickle . the tambourine girl was mostly for attention . and the lead singer did n't play anything .
a row of electric guitars standing upright in a rack . a band playing music on stage in front of a giant screen . man with hat sitting on a stage playing a keyboard in a darkened room . the lady is playing an accordion for the crowd . a woman is performing on a stage in neon lights
it is the evening of my graduation . a full moon portends good luck . here is our entire class , we filled up the entire stadium . we are now waiting to throw off all our hats . i 'm getting excited our professor is giving a final speech . i learned a lot from him these last few years . here come the balloons . i can believe i graduated !
a bright full moon alone in the night sky . a group of people are gathered for a graduation ceremony . a group of graduates in graduation attire in an auditorium . people gathered on stage for a graduation ceremony . several white and gold balloons being dropped after graduation .
last night was my graduation ceremony . the stadium was packed with people . the students waited patiently for their time to walk . there were many speakers at the ceremony . everyone celebrated when the ceremony was over .
the moon in the sky on a very dark night . a graduating class seated on the floor of a filled stadium . a group of uni students graduating wearing cap and gown . a bunch of people are standing up on a stage large batches of balloons being released during graduating ceremony .
a full moon hangs over the graduation ceremony . the venue is packed with friends and relatives of the graduates at the ceremony . graduates file in and prepare for their graduation ceremony . staff members await a graduate to hand him his diploma . balloons are released at the commencement of the ceremony .
a dull moon hanging in a pitch black sky . the graduates are awaiting their release from the ceremonies as the crowd watches . a graduation ceremony with many people in caps and gowns . the ceremony was exciting to watch and gave out a really good feeling . balloons are falling down from the ceiling in a crowded arena .
today there was a 4th of july barbecue with some red and blue desserts . there was a historic war reenactment in the park . the sweet yellow corn looks delicious . there is enough buns to feed a small army ! the hot dogs are cooking on the grill , yum !
a lot of bread and chips gathered in the grass . several ears of corn lie on two shopping backs on a grassy ground . a large white and clear plastic package with many hotdogs sitting in the grass . grill top with wrapped corn and cucumbers sliced up . a jar of red pepper flakes are labeled as being hot stuff .
it barbecue season again . and my family does it big every year . we have a huge family so we like to eat huge as well . my favorite is the grilled corn . i love corn . i love barbecue season . if you are ever around feel free to stop by and say hi .
large grouping of food sitting next to a cooler on the ground . several ears of shucked corn rest on grocery bags laying in the grass . large package of hotdogs lying on the grass . the vegetables are wrapped and cooking on the grill this container is taped shut and it says hotstuff on it and red pepper flakes .
the team is having a bbq today and someone brought a lot of food . the corn on the cob will be delicious ! everyone loves hot dogs that are cooked on the bbq . the cook has wrapped the corn and they are now being grilled on the bbq . someone brought the red pepper flakes for those who like it hot and spicy !
a cluster of hot dog buns , hamburger buns , and chips lay on the grass next to a cooler . several ears of corn are laying on white grocery bags that are on the ground . a large package of hot dogs sitting in the grass . corn on the cob wrapped in foil and slivers of zucchini are roasting on a charcoal grill . the lid indicates the contents of the container
we decided to try and solve the mystery of the do the bad thing ! they suggested that we go and look over to the left . these guys did not want to participate at all in the quest . after the mystery was solved these men got an award for exposing the truth . then everyone celebrated at the great concert party .
a message written in white marker on a black metal surface . several people dressed in red uniforms and hats near a green bus . a group of soldiers standing together in front of tents . uniformed musicians stand atop stairs during outdoor festivities a performance is given on a beautifully lit , large outdoor stage .
the trip to the capital started with viewing monuments . the capital building looked impressive on this sunny day . many people enjoyed the weather and sightseeing . there was a military gathering . a military demonstration was organized in front of the capital building .
the words are written in white o ablacjk postere men and a woman from the [organization] [organization] [organization] , all wearing red blazers and uniform caps , are gathering outside . a group of service men stand at attention during an outdoor ceremony . a marching band standing at the top of the steps . a large entertainment event is taking place outdoors .
far off places are always interesting to visit . you get to meet new people and have a good time . even our military gather around the cities . there are shows that are played for the visitors . the night is followed up with a concert in the park .
a message written on the back of a pickup truck a group of people dressed in red blazers wearing hats standing together outdoors . several enlisted men standing together for a speech a group of uniformed men are standing by the steps the concert was attended by many and was complete with a large screen at the front of the stage .
the man set up his food stand at the farmers ' market on saturday . he brought with him a wide assortment of things , including fresh breads . he set up a fudge counter , something he had recently branched out into . he also had some fresh strawberries he got from his son 's garden . but the centerpiece was the jams and jellies he had long made .
a man wearing chef 's clothing works with cheese samples . two crates overflowing with pillows-sized loafs of brown bread . this picture is of different kinds of chocolates . strawberries as far as the eye can see gathered in little plastic containers of joy . a bunch of jam jars with some labels on them
walking through the farmers market and saw a merchant selling soap . getting several organic soaps . radishes to make soups . mushroom for the pasta sauce . and fresh strawberries for a strawberry sorbet .
a man wearing an apron is distributing various rectangular products . wooden woven baskets full of loaves of bread that look hard . many colors of what appear to be artisan soaps are displayed on a white table cloth . several containers of strawberries neatly arranged in rows group of jars with labels on them sitting on a counter .
the man was organizing his cheese that he had a lot of . he also had other vegetables like pototoes and mushrooms as well as strawberries .
a man is leaning over a table outside in a tent a collection of objects that are inside of a box . a collection of soaps that are cut into blocks . strawberries have been packaged into square plastic containers . jars of assorted jams displayed on shelves for viewing .
we visited an old castle in location . the ground were meticulously maintained . a creek ran right through the grounds . we went inside the old structure . it was amazing . i liked how the hallways went on and on .
a castle with green grass and white flowers in front of it . a well manicured sidewalk is the entrance to a property . this is a painting by a local artist . an open doorway looks out onto a grassy hill . the light casts shadows through the long brick walkway .
i love exploring buildings by myself . once you 've taken in the outside you get the chance to explore the interior spaces . and sometimes you are just overwhelmed by how much time it must have taken to build such structures a long time ago . but you understand the drive to build them in such beautiful locations . and how the spaces just call for meditation .
a distant view of a structure with trees and bright green grass around it . a stone path leads through hedges and trees a series of stone arches ends in a window . view of a green hilly field from inside an arched window i think that this walkway was at one time a place to get out of the weather
i visited an old castle . the grounds were beautiful and spacious . there was even a little creek . the caste had large arched windows . even the entrances were arched .
the castle is across a large grassy lawn set against a cloudy sky . a walkway made of stone has a gate at the end and is surrounded in bushes . a tunnel that leads to the cross of [male] . the view of the forest from the church . a long stone hallway with arches overhead and a door at the end .
we decorated her in fine jewelry . there was a man kneeling in one room . the girls were dressed very elegantly . we hired someone to take photos . she was expecting a baby and we were taking pictures .
person fixing the top of a canopy bed . a woman in a traditional outfit is ready for the celebration . an actor looks angry on the stage as he folds a bag next to a counter top . a black and white image of two young blond girls in long dresses . friends gather in their finery for a celebration .
last weekend we had a great time at the party . some people had brought some very elaborate costumes . there were a lot of strange people there too . the children had fun playing together . everyone gathered in the room for the meeting .
a person is putting decorations up for christmas a woman in fancy clothes is having her headpiece adjusted by someone and another woman is watching . a man sits on the floor by a metal pole . girls dressed up in dresses holding a lady 's hand four people are sitting in a circle eating their food .
a large wedding is about to take place . a family member carefully prepares the setting for the ceremony . the flower girls are brought into the room and told what to do . the wedding photographer takes pictures of the wedding scenery . the mother of the bride watches the action around her curiously .
a man is decorating a wooden frame with flowers a woman getting dressed for her wedding the kneeling man was dress in white and everything around him was white.. the girls are dressed in formal gowns ready for the occasion a group of people sit on the floor performing a ceremony .
we are going to watch a baseball game today . the players are doing a great job . we even got to interact with the crowd . the mascot was great , and very funny . final score is here , what a great day .
people are standing around watching kids play a baseball game . a young boy in a stadium watching a baseball game . people watching a baseball game from the stands , a mascot is walking by a costumed mascot gives a hug to a boy at a baseball game . the baseball scoreboard shows the [organization] are one of the teams playing . the score is 0-1 at 9:03pm .
the sky was starting to look a little gray . they all stood around looking at the sky . they decided to play anyways . the game was in full force and the sky was clearing . the first inning was over and the pitcher was practicing .
a man in a black shirt and tan shorts walks past a baseball field with players on the field . a baseball player is getting ready to throw the ball . a man that is using a camera to take a photo of the mascot . a pink mascot gives a small kid a hard time at the game the scoreboard at the baseball diamond is lit up .
before the start of the minor league baseball game , fans were allowed on the field . families especially seemed to have fun . before too long , a few players came out and began to stretch out before the start of the game . eventually , that day 's starting pitcher began to warm up . once he finished his throwing , the game would begin .
a little league baseball game going on on a cloudy day number 27 is ready to throw the ball at a packed baseball game the team mascot is trying to get the crowd excited . a mascot hugging a boy at a baseball game a large sign lights up with the results for a sports game .
the moon rose to a magnificent height that morning . the plains had a morning dew on them . i realized the plants near the tree were lovely . i also realized the simplicity of the brick wall . near the end of the day , i went to relax by the water .
a clear glimpse of the sea of tranquility on a full moon . black and white image of the woods in the winter an old path through a forest is covered up with leaves the forest floor is covered with many layers of leaves . a beautiful place that looks like to be a castle probably in [location] .
there was a full moon that night . the forest was perfectly spooky looking . they found an old path . if they saw sticks tied together like the [male] witch movie , she intended to run . she was relieved when they got to the castle safe and sound .
the moon sitting up in the dark sky . a gray forest with no leaves on the trees with a rocky ground . a black and white picture displays a heavy forest leaves and needles of a tree lay on the ground an old stone castle looms under a slightly hazy sky .
this is the moon as we went on our annual camping trip ! what a beautiful full moon ! when we got up the next morning , we hiked over to the next village . this is the view overlooking the village . we continued our hike and found many different colored leaves since it was fall . as we continued to hike , we came to a brick wall that came between us and the village . this is the wall that ended our hike . it was a great hike !
the moon in the sky is white in color a group of bare trees on a gray day surrounded by grass adn rocks a hiking path in the woods with natural stone steps the leaves in the grass are accumulated in a pile . a very big castle that stands near the roads .
workers carefully move the box . workers examine the contents any potential damage in shipping . they find all in order , they will prepare this for the display shortly . the director and her helper prepared to opening the jurassic park museum . the big yellow dinosaur is a great draw to get visitors to the museum .
people are standing knee-deep in water while a box is lifted by a crane . a group of people that have gathered in the forest . group of researchers in a rain forest with a captured crocodile a couple of people walking carrying a basket . a fanciful brontosaurus is on display under grey skies .
we are here to unravel a really cool surprise for children big and small . rain or shine , here we go . get that thing opened . it took 4 people to get it open and put together . ok , ready for the unveiling ? let 's see what this is . a huge dinosaur . this is great , the kids will love this .
four men guide a pulley system that is lifting a large wooden object . young adults standing in forest observing scene near tied object on ground . a group of people that have captured a wild alligator . two people are carrying a white container outside . a large yellow dinosaur statue is being built
the zoo got a new gator they needed to place it in the new habitat the gator did n't take to his new surroundings so them moved him to a different location he seems content now
there are four people three which are helping hold the box . they came upon a strange happening in the woods dour men in a wooded area with something tied up . the two en were walking the grounds after the storm a yellow dinosaur statue is in a roped off display .
maybe this is how you normally picture an indian wedding . or perhaps this staged shot ? or maybe this grouping that implies the guys are off by themselves . but , you are missing out on the real fun . come to an indian wedding and be ready to dance !
a group of people that are standing next to each other . a group of people are dressed up and standing together a bunch of indian man that are sitting on a floor a man and a woman in traditional indian attire sit together on a sofa . a young couple and other south asian people are talking and dancing outside a restaurant .
they took a lot of pictures . they took pictures as a group . the main group was the center of attention . they met up after the party . the party was a lot of fun for everyone in it .
four men and two women dressed in ethnic clothing . a group of people are standing together and posing . people are sitting on their knees in a temple the couple is sitting on the couch and laughing . indians dressed in traditional clothing celebrating at night .
there were many people at the party last week . everyone had a great time . the party began with the start of a traditional prayer . everyone had a great time praying . afterward it was time for dancing and everyone got up to dance .
a group of people are pictured here . there are two lovely ladies , and four handsome gentleman . a slightly out of focus picture of a group of men with a girl in a blue and pink dress . several young adults kneel down as part of a religious ceremony . a couple that is sitting next to each other . people dancing and celebrating at an indian party
the crowd for st. [male] 's day was so crazy . i had never seen it like that before . first thing i did was snap some pictures with the bros because there was no way i was going to remember the night otherwise . we got so wasted we decided to get on stage and sing ice ice [male] . at the end of the night i found a hot babe to take home with me . it was a great night i think . i ca n't really remember anything .
a large group of people are celebrating in the street a group of people posing for a photo for st. [male] 's day . a band is wearing green and performing on stage for a rather large crowd . a man and woman posing and smiling for a picture . large group of people in the middle of the streets .
it was a big national holiday . people were ready for san-patrick day . even a performing band was in green colors . people who did n't wear green that day deserved black and white photos . it was enormous crowd .
a large gathering of people are crowded under christmas type lights on a city street at night . a group of young men are celebrating st. [male] 's day . an audience watches three men dressed in green perform music in a band . a man and a woman pose and smile for a photograph . a crowd of people wait for the store to open .
dad was so proud of us , that his smile threatened to engulf his whole face . we had made it to the big city . there i am , with mitch : is n't he darling in his suit ? there 's [male] and his wife [female] ; i ca n't believe she did n't tuck her antennas in ! that 's just the sort of thing the humans notice ! highly intoxicated , the irish [male] indicated he 'd like two more beverages , while his mates posed with him for a photograph . and there , deep in the crowd , a lone stranger held up a sign , trying to warn his peers , but to no avail .
a huge crowd has gathered on the streets between buildings that are decorated with flags and have strung up lights over the street . man with giant beer mug hat on his head standing with other men . a group is playing on the stage while lights above them . a man and a woman pose on a street with one another . a lot of people are gathered around a downtown area .
i visited the tundra . i saw many animals , surprisingly . it was extremely cold . every trace of water was frozen . it was a good learning experience , but it was so cold that i do n't think i 'm going to come back .
fog blankets the ground and creates a silhouette of a deer . the eagle was sitting on the post surrounded by snow a partially frozen pond in a snowy wooded area . the first snow of the season sure made an impression on the neighborhood . the eagle does n't even look real sitting out on the pole by the pond
it was a beautiful winter day , foggy with chill in the air , but you could make out a deer crossing the ice . from a distance you could see something perched by an ice fishing hole . as we approached you realize its an eagle . he sat strong and elegant , probably searching for a meal . i 'd say this was one of the best days and views i 've had on this frozen lake .
a small deer makes it 's way through a snow covered landscape a lone bird that stands in the middle of the snow . a pond is frozen over and snow all around it . snow is on the ground and is mostly smooth and white a bird standing on a piece of wood on a cloudy day
it was difficult to see . almost a white out . the small natural lake had frozen . creatures were having a hard time finding their next meal . one bird stood so still for so long he appeared frozen .
a deer walks across the snow and ice . a brown and white bird standing on a stick in the middle of frozen water a body of water in the winter surrounded by trees . a light snow has fallen around this pond . bird standing on a stake stuck into a frozen puddle of water .
our first live performance , our drummer was ready . and our guitarist was jamming it out . between sets we could mingle with the crowd . one of the best things about being in a band are the hot girls that are always around . back to business and playing our encore . it was great .
a musician energetically banging on a drum set . what round object is hanging over the door a young man with a camera stands next to his friends she smile big for the camera with her wide smile . a picture of a band singing on stage is in black and white .
[male] is playing those drums so well at my 16th birthday party . [male] [male] is really playing that guitar well . [male] is taking pictures . this has been a good 16th birthday party . we are having fun .
a male drummer in the middle of a song played indoors . an electric guitar player in front of a crowd the people are all crowded in the kitchen drinking a woman wearing a broach smiling at the camera . guy sings at the bar in front of people
[male] bought a new drum set so we decided to throw a house party . first step was to setup the instruments . next up , add some alcohol . soon , beautiful women showed up to make it a party . finally the music started and we rocked until the cops showed up !
a drummer playing in a room behind a guitarist . young man okaying the guitar in front of a group of people the gathered men and one woman drank while they listened to music . a black and white shot of a woman in business casual dress against a plain background . a man plays guitar and sings into a mike while people watch
halloween was a special time at the house . the house was fully decorated . the decor was very creepy . lots of fun snacks were waiting for the guests . the combination of the decor and the treats made this a memorable halloween season .
a large formal building stands alone in the night . green dotted lights illuminate a bed in a dark room . the headless mannequins are wearing clothing from the period the house was built . a bunch of sweets on a table for a halloween party a plastic glove has been filled with candy and popcorn and a spider for a halloween treat .
halloween is my favorite time of year . i always put a lot of effort into make my home extra spooky during halloween . i do n't turn on many lights . i take time to make a lot of home-made decorations . i take lots of pictures as well .
a house with no lights on sits quietly in the light . a bunch of lights are shining down on a couch two dress forms keep watch over a painting of two little girls . a table of halloween treats including cookies and donuts . a fake spider sits on top of a popcorn and candy corn hand shaped bag .
this house was made into a haunted house . the rooms were lit to be spooky . headless mannequins were dressed and dimly lit . if you make it all the way through the haunted house there are snacks . each person gets a popcorn hand to take home .
a black lit night with a big school dots of green light illuminate a white object in a dimly lit room . the jackets are in front of the photo of the girls . doughnuts and snacks are on dishes on a table with halloween decorations . image of a black spider , crawling on a fluffy white object .
this day was full of fun . our team building event included organization ball . and the cake for desert pretty much got eaten all up . here 's a photo of our photographer taking pictures of the event . and here 's our ceo throwing the bocce ball . had to take a final photo of our team .
the people are eating outside and the food is on a small round table a camera placed on a tripod in front of a building . a chef 's knife rests on plate containing the remains of a torte . group of balls of multiple colors on green grass group of nine men posing for a picture in front of a building with large windows .
this saturday we had a get-together for all the people i work with . this was documented by a professional photographer . there was plenty of delicious cake and ice cream . there were also many games involving balls . this surely brought all of us closer .
several people that are gathered outside of a building on the school campus writing about something a camera is moving on the sidewalk . a third of a cake is left as well as some ice cream . a collection of colored balls that are on the grass . a group of men are standing on the sidewalk outside of a business .
we had a lot of fun this afternoon at the work party . they had cake . there were a lot of people taking pictures . we had a lot of fun playing games outside . afterwards we all took pictures together .
several people are eating from paper plates around a small table . a black camera is taking pictures of a smiling man . the cake on the platter is mostly gone . bocce balls of every color on the grass a group of men pose for a picture on the side walk .
[male] enjoyed a nice garlic snack while at the christmas party . after eating , he spotted [male] talking with a girl . [male] decided to say hello to [male] . [male] 's breath smelled so bad from the garlic snack , that [male] scrunched up his face . [male] said to [male] , `` you would n't happen to have some gum on you , would you [male] ? ''
the people are happy and smiling towards the camera . two people at a party and some other guy photo bombing . two woman with drinks standing in front of a painting a man and woman are both wearing skull and crossbones shirts . multiple pictures show a man eating foods off of a white plate .
the night was young , but the group was ready for their meeting . we had a great time figuring out how we planned to blow up the bank vault and steel all the money . these two happily volunteered to go into the bank first , guns blazing , they may be the first to die if the police show . these are our master locksmiths , their job is to unlock any stubborn deposit boxes in the vault . but when all of the roles for the robbery we assigned , we ate a bunch of great food .
an asian family takes a picture in their kitchen a man and a woman pose for a picture in a tight room . two women holding drinks pose for a photograph with a painting in the background . a man and a woman wearing black with white skulls on their shirts . different pictures within the image show the progression of the food being eaten .
we had a party today . lot 's of people came . we took a lot of pictures . we drank a lot too . there was plenty of food .
adults having a good time indoors in residence area . three young adults pose for a photo at a house party . two women standing in front of a painting smiling a man standing next to a woman who is holding a bottle . a series of images taken in sequence telling a story of a man eating .
the girls were excited to go to the club tonight . they had a great time dancing with most of the guys . some of the weird guys , not so much , but overall they had an amazing night and the dj was awesome .
a pair of women smile and hold their arms around each other . a women dressed in black , holding a drink in a bar . picture with three people in it one how has his hat on backwards looks like he is trying to be funny holding up his index finger . a man wearing headphones holds his hands up and makes a scary face while wearing goggles . a man is playing music in front of a crowd on stage
my friend and i were excited to arrive at the venue for a fun night of experimental music . a man dressed in a tuxedo met us as we walked in and led us to our seats . on the way , we passed a man with a mask who reminded us to take water with us . the view of the sound system from our seats was pretty interesting . at one point we even got to go backstage for a close up view of the instruments and a view of the audience .
two girls hugging each other and laughing loudly a female standing holding a glass drink in a room filled with people . a man is pointing with his mouth open at the camera , standing in front of two women . a man taking a whoto while wearing odd glasses and making a funny face an electronica concert is taking place with a large audience
they decided to go out to see their favorite deejay . some people even dressed formally for the occasion . there were even people in masks and heavy make up . the place was decorated with lights . they had a great night out .
two women embrace and smile for the camera . a woman holds a tall glass as other people mill about behind her . two woman and one man acting silly with one another . man trying to be scary while wearing headphones and glasses a dr plays records for a party crowd at night .
the pumpkins were laying on the porch . outside the home was a statue that stood tall . the home was very well lit from the outside . when we walked in , we loved the furnishing in the home . we wore creepy masks to hunt candy with .
two jack-o-lanterns are sitting on a front porch by a chair . with halloween 's approach , dracula inspired decor made its reappearance . the address of the house is ninety six oh one , the house is red brick with white and green trim , there are two people standing on the stoop . a woman standing on the doorstep of a house . masked adult stand on sidewalk in night time residential area .
the pumpkins were perfectly carved for halloween . dracula was put in front of the house to scare trick or treaters . we went in search of free candy but mom did n't want to wear a costume . the pumpkins looked really scary with lights inside of them . [male] came dressed as the grim reaper .
two jack-o'-lanterns , one fake and one seemingly mutilated , grimace on a porch . a dracula scarecrow is outside of a brick house . two people standing in front of a residential building door . a person that is greeting the house owner . he is wearing a scary mask for trick or treating .
these are the jack-o-lanterns we carved that halloween . [female] wanted to put up this scary scarecrow . the first trick-or-treaters arrive after dinner . we started the rounds at [male] 's house . i nearly jumped out of my skin when i saw your mask !
pumpkins carved into jack-o-lanterns , sitting on a porch . a monster on a stick in the ground in front of a building with a pumpkin carved sitting on the porch . two people standing outside the doorway of a nice house . children at a door trick or treating on halloween . a man is wearing a skeleton mask on a sidewalk
when the sun arose , i took a picture of this lake . my friends and i ventured to this spot to get more pictures . around noon , we visited the church to go to service . as a field trip , my ministry went to enjoy a waterfall . towards the end of the day , we went back to the nice hotel .
the sun is shining on a lake that is surrounded by trees . stone marker with plaque near outdoor gazebo in park setting . the brick clock tower is behind the large blooming trees . a metal gate is open and leads to a path to a church . a cathedral with crosses on top and a clock .
we crossed a river on the way to the church . on the other side of the river was a gazebo . we could see the church from the gazebo area . getting closer to the church we had to go through an iron gate . we made it to the church by 10:30 .
the blue shimmering water surrounded the mangroves . a rock with a plaque on it is in the grass a view of a beautiful clock tower peaking out of fall tree foliage . a rod iron gate opens up to a church yard . picture of a big clock on top of what could be a church tower with several crosses on it .
a man walked around the edge of the lake one day . he arrived at the gazebo , and began setting up his instruments . there was a college nearby . he ran over quickly to check the time , unsure when to begin his show . checking the time , he headed back to the gazebo to begin his show .
a body of water runs through autumnal woods . a giant rock is by a gazebo next to water . the church building is surrounded by trees . the wrought iron gate leading into the grounds is open . a christian clock tower on a sunny day .
my father requested in his last will that he have an old fashioned funeral . a horse and buggy carriage carried him to the grave site . the pall bearers solemnly carried my father 's coffin to the cemetary . mom displays her sorrow as she quietly cried throughout the ceremony . dad is lowered into his final resting space . peace be with him now and forever .
the people are walking ahead of the man in the carriage . woman dressed in widow 's clothing holding a tissue to her nose . a casket with flowers on top is lowered into the ground . women in old-fashioned mourning clothing sit in a cemetery . a man in a top hat and dress coat holding papers .
i attended a funeral for the first time yesterday . there was a lot of people mourning . they slowly lowered the coffin into the ground . many people were dressed in traditional funeral attire . there were many people that had good things to say about the one who passed away .
the men are walking down the street while the other man is riding a carriage . a man waering a black veil and holding a tissue . a small casket being lowered into the ground two elderly women are dressed in black and seated at a cemetary . an older man with a beard and top hat
the people are on there way to a funeral with the horses . the lady is crying because of the death of a family member . the burial spot has been dugg and the body is being laid to rest . while the two little ladies is talking about the death . while the preacher is preaching the last anfdfinal words of the funeral .
a group of people in black are marching down the street . a woman wearing a black veil presses a handkerchief against her face . a coffin topped with flowers is being lowered into the ground . an image of a woman that is wearing all black top hat wearing gentleman with script at ceremony .
this looks like a great place to have a graduation . so many people showed up for the graduation . there weren`t many times like this to slip away and take a self picture alone . the ceremony was long but totally fulfilling . there were a couple of speakers giving hope and light to the graduates .
young men and women dressed in black graduation uniforms are standing in rows the man is shaking the lady 's hand on the stage . a graduating ceremony for this young strapping man . man wearing graduation outfit posing with his family three students stand beside each other posing with their cap and gown
the students eventually find their seats . it takes the speakers a very long time to finish their speeches . finally the students are called up to receive their diplomas . the students are very excited to finally graduate . many friends and family have come to show their support .
group of people wearing a cap and gown . woman walking across a stage to accept her diploma . a student graduating from the prestegious [location] & # 39 ; s [organization] [organization] . a man is dressed in a graduation cap and robe and standing next to two women . five people are standing by a column and three are wearing graduation caps .
after many years , i finally graduated from college . i watched my peers shake many hands on their way to accept their diplomas . eventually , it was my turn to do the same . we all hung out afterwards , it was a great time . i met some more of my peers at this column at the organization organization .
people were caps and gowns standing in the bleachers . woman graduate onstage with presenter at official ceremonial event . a boy walks across the stage at a graduation . recent grad and girls smiles for the cam . a group of graduating students stand huddled together in front of the pillar of a building
hanging out with [male] , getting some skate time in . hit an olie of a two step , just warming up . [male] hit this sweet kickflip ! it made for a great photo . manual up to a three step ... into a frontside kickflip ! my first time hitting this trick ! i was super excited .
one man tries to land a skateboarding trick out by the ocean . two boys are congregating by a palm tree in a public park . the man wearing a white shirt a jeans and white and black shoes is skating walking in the field with palm trees everywhere . the sunset is pictured through a set of palm trees .
i went to the skate park yesterday . i met a few other people while i was there and they challenged me to some tricks . they did their tricks first . they were very good . i was unable to do tricks as well as they were and i lost .
a guy in a red shirt standing over a skate board in mid air a couple of guys have their skateboards out the skateboarder is jumping in the air doing a trick . desert tropical climates with a man in the forefront balancing his feet rows of palm trees in a plaza are in front of the low hanging sun .
my friend [male] likes to do skateboard tricks . one day we went to the park to take pictures . [male] jumped off a set of stairs in a spectacular form . the sun shined down on the trees and made a nice scenery . we noticed there were palm trees everywhere as we left .
a man skateboarding on a path that runs along the beach in [location] two people are standing next to a palm tree with skateboards . a young man does a skateboard trick near some stairs . man standing on objects with palm trees nearby . the palm trees were gathered together under the bright sun and blue sky .
today , our friends gathered together for some food after work . we arrived somewhat early , so things were n't too packed yet . however , that quickly changed , and things became quite busy ! the food provided was amazingly delicious . subs and other sandwiches were also available on the menu .
a book and a cup of coffee on a wooden table the people are sitting around the bar using electronics . the bored old yuppies filled the tiny hipster restaurant . a bowl full of soup and assorted foods sits on a table . hard boiled egg and meat on toasted bread .
we had all gone out for lunch yesterday . after we finished eating we decided to walk around for a little bit . there were a lot of interesting shops that we passed by . afterward we decided to grab some dinner at another restaurant . they had some strange food there .
a fancy cup of coffee is on a saucer beside a book . a bar setting with multiple beers on tap . people are eating in a narrow white restaurant . a bowl of soup with noodles , meat , lettuce , onions , and a slice of lemon on top . thin slices of fish and hard boiled eggs lie on toasted bread .
trying a new restaurant is always scary , but i was determined to write a review for my blog , so i sat down at a table with a magazine and ordered a cappuccino . the bar was fully stocked and had several beers on tap . the ambiance was understated , and created an air of intimacy in the small space . the menu was expansive , some of the foods , like this dish drawing upon asian influences . other dishes had a decidedly mediterranean flair .
a drink on a plate next to a book and placed on a table . a woman and a man are in a shop people are seated at small tables in a crowded hallway a bowl of ramen with steak , purple cabbage and mung beans as toppings . two pieces of toasted bread , one with shaved meat and the other with greens and sliced hard boiled eggs , are laid side by side .
we went to the park and a deer followed us . we pet it and took pictures with it . then we traveled to the marvelous hotel . the grounds were so immaculate . we also got great pictures of the outside decor .
a mountain off in the distance and trees up close . man in white shirt and brown shorts on a dirt road . landscape photo of a green field with a person wearing a blue shirt in the far distance . two hikers meet on a trail along a high cliff in the sunshine . the scenic view of the rocky landscape takes place on a sunny day .
i went to a restaurant with a friend of mine yesterday . we had n't seen each other in a long time . afterward we decided to go on a hike through the wilderness . there was nobody else out there . we had a great view at the end of the hike .
a view of the mountains under a pretty deep blue sky . a man in brown shorts and a white t-shirt walks along a gravel road with mountains in the distance . she was picking wildflowers for the breakfast table two men are hiking on a hill with a view . standing atop a hill overlooking the cliff and into the hazy valley below .
it was a perfect day to spend outdoors . a hike seemed like a good idea . spring was the best time to hike in the mountains . rock climbing was also good that day . the views were magnificent .
a large mountain in front of a tree line a man is jogging down a dirt trail near grass a sprawling country scene has farms and mountains . people are standing on the rocks of a mountain a scenery of nature from standing on a mountain filled with large rocks , viewing land below with a small body of water and mountains in the distance .
happy hour event for the ladies . here 's a picture of the newest member of the team . and here is the group leader caught in the act of putting a bite in her mouth . the serious one in the group telling a story with the `` double quotes '' motion . another team member anxiously waiting on her happy hour beer . and then there 's the team clown , already cracking jokes , holding up the peace sign .
woman looking towards camera with sly smile and leather jacket a woman with a big smile has a wing in front of her mouth . a woman holding her hands up in her face . a woman sitting at a table with a menu in front of her . a woman holding up a peace sign with her friend .
capturing family moments on at the party was my favorite part of the day . when the little guy arrived all eyes were on him . everyone was happy to be there for the day . he could tell that he was going to have a good day . i am so glad i got to be a part of something so special .
a woman wearing a brown leather coat a lady is smiling while eating food with her hands . a woman holds her hands up while making quotation mark signals . this image is of a woman sitting at a restaurant . a girl is giving us a two handed peace sign .
a dad takes his son out to dinner . the people at the next table thought the boy was cute and stopped to take a picture . the waitress was lots of fun . the little boy sat with his mom for a little while . the boy and his mom saw an old friend who stopped by to take a picture .
a woman in a brown leather jacket taking picture this lady in the restaurant laughs while eating ribs . a woman appears to be using air quotes . a girl sitting at a wooden table in a restaurant . a woman is looking at the camera and doing peace signs
we headed to the park . we went to location location . we walked along the side of the railway . we spotted an older man feeding the birds . after we posed for a quick picture .
a man with curly hair is standing on the street . a wood sign for [organization] [organization] in front of a fall foliage background . loney railroad station on a sunny autumn day the little doves are hanging out at the bench a woman with a blue [male] is smiling next to a man
we waited for the commuter rail to pull up to the stop . he could n't believe how late it was . but he was happy to be with me . we took the commuter rail to a park where we saw a main feeding the birds . and then we went ice skating .
young man with curly brown hair wearing a black fleece jacket standing in front of building with white doorway . a sign that is stating the name of a area . a set of railroad tracks going under bridges . a man on a park bench hands our food and attracts a multitude of pigeons . a woman mugs it up with her smiling boyfriend up while posing for the camera .
i took the train to go visit my brother . he was there to pick me up at the train station . we posed for a quick selfie before heading into town . in town , we saw an old man feeding a bunch of pigeons . later in the day , we went to the park and met some other people .
a man with curly hair wearing a sweater in front of a store . a sign for [location] hills taken in front of fall leaves . the train station and bridge are empty of people a man sitting on a bench feeds a large flock of pigeons . a smiling couple outdoors dressed for cold weather .
the children were joined by their parents on the first day of class . the children were urged to try new activities on their own . there were tons of things for the kids to do . one young girl had a great time on the train . she had a great day on her first day of class !
moms and toddlers gathered in circle with a lady with red stuffed dog this looks like a large play room in a school or day care center . a little girl sitting at a table playing with toys . a child is sitting on a green and yellow train on tracks . a kid that is enjoying the toys on the ground .
we 've been visiting preschools for weeks now , looking for the right one for our little [female] . i have to say , i was fairly impressed with miss [female] 's play preschool . there were a huge amount of educational toys , all well kept and clean . [female] adored the train you could ride around the room . i loved the big smile on [female] 's face when i told her she 'd be going to miss [female] 's for preschool next year !
parents with their children sitting in a circle , in a nursery room listening to the female with the red stuffed dog . a daycare with several children but mainly many adults a young girl sits at a table playing a peg board game and there are many other games on the table she could choose from . she loves riding on trains in the daycare that her mom takes her to a young child with long blonde hair poses for a picture .
a fun day of arts and crafts at pre-school . so many things for the children to play with at school , so much to pick from . learning balance and coordination while having fun at schoo . parents with their children while they become adjusted to school . a parent having a chat with the teacher at school .
a group of parents and children sit in a circle and watch the teacher . children accompanied by their parents in a kid 's play area . a little girl playing with her toys on the table a little girl smiles and sits on a small railroad train . a small toddler with blonde hair looking at the camera .
the students gathered to listen to the presenters give lectures . there was several presenters on hand to speak . they spoke to the crowd with new ideas . the students listened with interest . some of the students took notes as the presenters spoke .
two young men sitting down watching something behind camera . woman in a blue jacket giving a speech . a woman with grey hair is giving a speech at a podium . several adults are seated an listening to something out of the image . a large group of people in an auditorium .
there was an equal rights conference at the nearby court house earlier this afternoon . some of the city 's top officials spoke and gave their opinions and thoughts on the subject . there was also a meet and greet . it was nice to actually talk to them instead of always seeing them on the local news . i 'm glad i was able to make it out . it was a very interesting and informative time . equal rights is vital to our freedom as citizens and i 'm glad a lot of our local leaders are on board in pushing for it .
men and women are sitting behind a brick and wood rail in front of a brick wall . a lady stand at a podium and speaks into the microphone the woman is behind the podium speaking into the microphone . people in business attire looking in the same direction . there are a large crowd of people sitting .
students gathered to listen . the speech was interesting . the first lady spoke . they paid attention to what was said . it was a full house .
two men sitting in a front row seat and a woman in glasses sitting behind them the lady is standing at the podium speaking to the crowd . the grey-haired woman standing in front of the flag is giving a speech at the podium . five people who look as if they are listening to someone speak . a group of young adults sitting on benches inside of a church .
my friend and i went to a charity concert to benefit kids in need . a lot of different artist played and donated their time and talent to the charity . the guitars are always my favorite . then everyone came out and played together . it was amazing . this was my favorite singer/guitar player . he was awesome ! !
the two man out of the band was playing the guitar a man with a scarf is playing the drums musician playing for audience wears sporting event shirt . the musicians are playing their various instruments on stage . the man wearing a dark kerchief is entertaining with his guitar .
i went to the concert last night . there were a lot of band members there . they were all very well dressed . they had practiced for a long time . i had a great time at the concert .
a man plays his black and white guitar man in a suit and tie playing the drums . a man in a black jacket plays a large guitar on stage . the three male musicians are playing their instruments . a man in a head wrap playing a bass guitar .
two friend play guitar at the party . banging out a beat on the drums . strumming the guitar for the fans . three friends have a jam session . the man is doing his big guitar solo .
a man wearing a black hat standing next to a man wearing a bandana playing guitars a man playing the drums with his hands . a man with side burns is playing a guitar . a group of guys playing guitar on stage a man with a bandanna on his head is playing a bass guitar .
i went down to this cool flower and drink shop to see what all the fuss was about . they had all of these cool powders and stuff for sale . here is a close up of the one that i thought was the best . they make these flower scented drinks that look really delicious . they also make some wines . you know i had to try one of those !
a garden of flowers sits beneath the wooden bridge . rows of buckets containing powders line the top of a table . a laminated sign that is planted into the powder . three bottles of a red colored drink in front of a flower a couple full bottle sitting on the table .
i went to the market to buy some spices . they had so many different kinds there . it was for a very good price . i bought what i needed and then i browsed for a bit more . i decided to buy some wine as well .
assorted floral arraignment seen near garden area under wooden structure . spices in buckets are arranged and labeled for sale . a pile of sand with a card pushed in the middle of it . three bottles of liquor or wine are sitting on a table covered in burlap and flowers with a blackboard sign . two bottles of cheap wine sit together with some leaves .
it is time to go to the market and see what is for sale . there are pots of spices in the market . here is a huge bowl of saffron ! there are people that sell home made goods . here is some home made syrup for sale .
flowers fill the area under a log structure lots of silver buckets full of spices and seasonings a pile of powdered curcuma ou [organization] [organization] [organization] is being sold by weight . some bottles of wine are placed near flowers the label saying sirop on a bottle of wine
she was ready to go to her graduation . the family took a few final photos before leaving . she sat in the crowd waiting patiently for her diploma . it was her turn to walk across the stage to receive her diploma . they were so happy she graduated .
a woman poses in her bright purple cap and gown . a girl and woman posing for a graduation picture a group of graduates wearing purple caps and gowns a graduate is walking off an outside stage the two women are posing for a picture
my graduation ceremony was a success . mother was more proud of me than her old proudest moment , when i was born . the ceremony lasted about thirty minutes . they yelled out my name and off i went with my diploma . mother says she can not wait for me to make money so she can afford to buy a beach condo .
lady dressed in a purple gown and cap woman with a girl giving her congratulations on her graduation . several rows of graduates dressed in purple caps and gowns . a girl gets her diploma and walks off of the stage a woman is holding a diploma after graduating
[female] was excited to graduate . she smiled with her mom . she smiled with her sister . she kissed her sister simultaneously with her mom . then she went crazy and whacked the camera man !
a girl is photographed in her graduation gown . mom and daughter posed for daddy as he snapped the picture . the rows of graduates are all wearing the color purple . graduation ceremony while a young graduate female walks down after receiving her diploma . a new high school graduate and her mother
here we go with another one of those school function activities where the kids dress up and meet at school to get their awards during which snack food is served . some of the students prefer to get away from the crowd to enjoy their food and it looks like they found a good place . my friend 's little brother seems to have found a fancy meeting room to spend his time in and he pulled out the first aid kit just in case it is needed . now that i am finished , i will be glad to be getting back home because i really do n't like crowds and these occasions . my friend wanted to take a picture of my braces to show my mom that i did not have candy stuck between my teeth .
a young boy with a shirt and loose tie makes a silly face . a man kneels down before a tree in a dark area a boy sinks to his knees in the middle of a parking lot several people are standing around chatting in a large room with maroon chairs . people playing some sort of game in a place with wooden posts
this is my last day as a normal teen . where did it all go wrong , what did i do . i was a normal boy look , i was good . no no no , its not my turn it cant be . ill be a laughing stock with these on .
young boy 's surprised expression captured with open mouth , red-glared widened eyes and a tie . at night a few youths gather in the parking lot . a boy wearing a shirt and tie is kneeling on the pavement . people of all ages meet and chat in a small auditorium . five young people talk in a dark area
the kid burst out of the darkness screaming `` they 're coming ! they 're coming ! '' . he looked scared out of his wits . outside of the lights of the parking lot it was just darkness . who was coming ? i had to know . hey kid . wait , it looks like he has fallen into some kind of trance . i have to warn all the others inside . but what do i tell them ? they 're coming ? they will think i 'm nuts . oh crap , here they come ! what are they ? i 'm getting out of here ! it 's every woman for herself !
the boy wearing a tie has a surprised look on his face . a man seated beside a pole in the grass a man is kneeling down in the street . at a church service that me at the far left . five school age children hanging out in a park at night , .
this is a picture of a macbook air . this is a picture of a man welding . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of a mask . this is a photo of a black mask .
the description was very informative for the mask . a person pointing a mask at a laptop screen on a desk black mask layer out on a black carpet with objects . masculine fingers hold a bejeweled black masquerade mask . the masquerade mask was done in gray with matching feathers .
a friend sent me a video on how to make a halloween mask . he had a picture slideshow and actual video footage . one of the pictures displayed all the materials needed to make a mask . the video portion showed step by step how to assemble the mask . lastly , the final minutes of the video showed the variations of customization to the halloween mask .
the title in white text against a solid black background appear , with a proper name and business name beneath . someone holding a mask in front of a laptop . a black cat-eye mask with purple , blue , and pink rhinestones has been placed on a gray rug , just above a row of eight small mechanical components . a person is using a small tool to fix a light up mask . a mardi-gras mask sits on a silver surface .
we wanted to film a `` how-to '' video to help them make a halloween mask . we set up the computer to film us . we took pictures of our supplies . we thought we looked very professional . we had trouble making sure our directions made sense , though . we stopped when we had to explain how to sew on the feathers . we have decided that those directions are so complicated we need to write them down .
title slide for a `` mask for halloween '' video , with aniomagic schemer and sound sensor . this looks like a mask in front of a computer screen . a black mask with several electronic chips underneath it a person is using a tool to work on creating a mask . the back of a feathered mask showing the string use to sew on the decorations on the front .
this is the food court i visited today . they had spicy food . they had ice cream . they had mexican food too . they even had polish jelly doughnuts !
two smiling women who are in a commercial kitchen area , one of whom is wearing clothing that promotes catering children waiting outside of a food truck for their meals . woman in profile in front of a black cafe price board an image of a restaurant with a sign and condiments on the shelf a group of people wait in line at a food truck .
we arrives early to buy some food . it smelled so good walking up . every nearby place had their menus set up so everyone could see them . it took us awhile to pick out what to eat . it all looked delicious . we decided on a taco truck that had a particularly cool owner . a lot of other people had the same idea and we stood in line , eagerly awaiting our meals .
two women in front of a catering truck . group of children standing in front of a street vendor cart . the woman wearing the black jacket in front of the menu there are condiments out the jacques ' tacos truck . people lined up outside a food truck at night .
people from all over the town came to the food truck festival to try what local food truck has to offer . these kids are waiting their turn to try some jalapeno sliders . there is also a booth for homemade ice cream seen at the festival . the taco truck ready to serve customers some good tasting tacos . some trucks , like this one , offer different flavors that are so appealing to your taste buds .
girls in a kitchen wearing black chow catering shirts people in front of a food truck with jalapeno sliders priced at 2 dollars . a woman stands in line waiting to order some food a jacques tacos fast food in a rv that is black and yellow people are lined up for food truck food .
the sun rose quietly over the mountain , signalling the start of the new day . a solitary bird looked out over the campground . the young woman looked over the cheese selections and tried to decide which ones she wanted to take back to the campground . the young man smiled confidently for the camera , showing how much he enjoys his vacation . meanwhile , the large spider marched confidently down the hill , preparing to cause havoc at the camground .
thy sky is shown either during sunrise or sunset in a treed area . a majestic birds keeps a lookout high in the tree . a woman looking at various cheeses at a market a man smiling in a lounge chair outside . a large spider is standing in the dirt
our summer vacation this year was camping in the great outdoors . we were in for an adventure ! we saw this eagle nesting in the tree near our campsite . such a beautiful bird ! i went to the store to stock up on food for the weekend , while my husband set up the tent on our site . when i got back to the site , my husband had everything set up and was lounging in his chair . this was a great night . then , right before we went to bed..we saw this spider ! it was gigantic ! i insisted we head to a hotel instead .
a pink , grey , white and blue sky from the sunset . a bird in the branches of a tree in a nature area . a woman in a grey jacket looking at cheese . the man is sitting peacefully in a chair with foliage in the background . a very nasty looking spider on the ground .
we had an amazing time on our trip . we visited the chocolate factory and took home a few treats . we relaxed on the beach at sunset . we explored a rainforest exhibit that had some terrifying spiders and beautiful trees . in the afternoons , we relaxed in the yard . the view from the house was breathtaking . it was hard to leave behind .
a beautiful sunset above trees and a mountain . a bird of prey sits in a leafless tree , waiting for his next meal . a woman shops for cheese in a grocery store . sitting in a lounge chair and enjoying the outdoors . a tarantula on the ground surrounded by roots
check out our new vacation house by the lake . it has a great view of the water . we can go out in our boat and travel around . then park over by the shore to do some fishing . it is nice to have a bbq at the end of the day .
a large house sits on stilts in the water . two people are outside by a river enjoying the out door . they looked back for a cute photo of the canoe trip a couple that is standing near a boat . a happy man is holding the lid of a grill .
our family vacation at our old lake house was a lot of fun . my boyfriend and i spent a lot of time together doing many things . i really enjoyed riding in the canoe . i was getting hungry and wanted to go back to the house . dad must have been reading my mind and had something ready to eat .
a large red wooden house with boats in front floating over a large body of water . couple takes a picture out by the lake a man and woman on a lake in a rowboat . two people that are walking there a river in the wilderness towards canoe picture of a man cooking outside on a kettle grill .
this year we took a family vacation to the lake . our vacation home was a scenic home built right on the water ! we spent lots of time down on the lake shore swimming and fishing . we even found the ruins of an old home on the last day we took a canoe trip on the lake ! it was a great vacation .
an old multistory board build house on the riverfront with a wrap-around porch the boy and girl are standing beside of the water . two people that are having fun on a canoe . the boat was anchored on the shore of the river the man is taking the lid of the grill .
they were experimenting with their coffee formula at the shop . first , they calibrated the machines . they then decided what flavor to make . they filtered the mixture . once it was filtered , they tasted and tested until it was just right .
a brown building with brown clover emblem on top with green sign . a piece of machinery that is used for construction multiple coffee making devices sit on a stainless steel countertop . a man is making food at a black table inside the white paper is on a glass and contains brown stuffs
decided to take a day trip out with the family . came across a coffee factory and we got to take a tour and see how everything works . they have some really complicated looking machines that help with the process . there are buttons and levers everywhere . we even got to step in and help with the process !
a corner sign that indicates [organization] [organization] [organization] is at this location . a machine , the little box says watlow and it has a remote looking object attached to the top of it . coffee makers and grinders are on top of the counter . a man takes care in pouring water in to a vase . a paper water filter filtering out the mud and dirt .
they arrived at the modern restaurant and ready to learn . they were fascinated by all the machinery ... especially , the fancy set of blenders . and , then he started to make his cup of coffee . which , turned out to be a failure this time .
sign to the side of building under gray skies a close-up picture of an industrial temperature controller . the coffee shop is open and ready to serve people . a man is holding a teapot to pour the tea out a mud colored beverage on top of paper inside a bowl
the sumo wrestlers are meditating backstage . two sumo wrestlers await in anticipation for their fight . it was a fierce battle between the two men . one eventually claims victory over his opponent . we even saw a young sumo wrestler that appears to be in training .
a small group of sumo wrestlers preparing before a match . two sumo wrestlers in the ring awaiting the queue to fight . sumo wrestlers put all their strength into the show down , as spectators and the other team member watch with interest . two sumo wrestlers fighting in front of a large crowd . an asian man that is wearing a belt and no clothes
this club has many activities , such as swimming . they also ride bicycles . running is also on offer . this is the fitness club . the club is financed by payments from its members .
a trio of sumo wrestlers squatting in a group with their trainers nearby three sumo wrestlers crouched down watching a sumo match two sumo wrestlers in competition while a crowd and judge watchs sumo wrestlers at a public event being held outside a young sumo wrestler leaving the stage after a match .
sumo wrestlers meditating before the fight . the wrestlers waiting for their turn and watching the fight . round 2 , the team is winning so far . wrestling and the crowd is watching attentively . the young man is about to go wrestle .
sumo wrestlers stretching and preparing before a match . the wrestlers were both equal and it was a fair fight . two sumo wrestlers spar while the crowd watches . these sumo wrestlers at an open air pavillion demonstrate their skill . the judge and spectators observe a decisive take down . a man that is getting ready for a sumo match .
[male] is leaving the job [male] will be missed . [male] has lots of co-workers that really like him . we wish you the best [male] . hey man good luck , stay cool .
colorful cake displayed on table for celebratory event . a man in a blue shirt siting while holding a plate . the man and woman smiled for the camera two men and two women are together in a room with the ceiling lights on . a man with a well groomed beard has his hand in the air .
[male] would be retiring this year and everyone decided to get him a cake at work . the cake was the most delicious part of the lunch ! everyone was really excited to wish him luck and get in line for some cake . it was great because everyone got to talk and remember the great times with their co-worker . [male] decides to wave goodbye for the final picture . everyone will miss him .
a cake that is congratulating a person for an event . a man sitting on a couch with a plate in his hand group of people in casual clothing smiling towards the camera . four people , two men and two women , pose together in an office . an african american man carrying a bag over his shoulder , waving .
i just picked up the cake and brought it to the surprise party . my friend was very eager to eat some of it . i had everyone wait for the birthday person to open up the door . we were very excited . we all surprised him when he came through the door .
a birthday cake reads good luck james and has flowers on it a man sits on a couch and eats off a plate . people are gathered in a room with art on the walls . a group gets close together for a photo . a man is holding his hand in the air .
the students and teacher pose for a graduation picture . the stadium where they graduate is packed to the brim . there must be over 2 thousand people there . one of the students is wearing a batman shirt for some laughs . the first student to graduate walks on stage .
the graduates are posing for their final picture . the man responsible for all these graduates lays down on the job . picture of the students in the graduation ceremony . the professors are waiting for the graduates to proceed . a man in a dress shirt taking a picture of something in front of him
the entire class was happy to graduate . the ones in the red were going to graduate the year after . people could wear whatever shoes they wanted at the ceremony . the faculty looked proud to be affiliated with the school . [male] is the school photographer and we bought some of his photos .
a group of twenty women or so pose for their graduation picture . a large group of students with graduation caps and gowns . group of students standing at their graduation . a line of people in graduation robes and hats . a photographer uses a camera with a telephoto lens .
i am a professional photographer hired to take graduating photos . here is ptc graduating class of 2014 some more ptc graduates . the dean and teachers of organization . here is me the photographer .
a group of male and female graduates pose for a photo . a group of people in their caps and gowns pose for a picture . the students wear their gown and cap for the ceremony . a line-up of people of various ages in graduation attire the man is taking a photograph with his camera .
the teachers happily gathered in the school gym to celebrate mr. klink 's retirement ! he had loved this school with all of his heart , and he had loved his fellow faculty members , but it was time to move on and to let someone younger take over his job , but not before he got to eat some delicious cake !
a woman folding her arms and talking to people around her . the men looked at each other while reflecting on memories from years past . four people talking in room decorated for christmas with one person in the foreground . an older man and woman sitting at a table eating with a younger man . a bunch of cup cakes are on display on a table
a bunch of people gather in a room . two people are conversing . a bunch of people are talking . people are sitting at the table . this is a picture of sweets .
a group of middle aged and elderly people conversing at a school event . three men converse together in a gym , one standing . a small group of adults are talking inside a decorated classroom . grandma and grandpa sitting at a table talking to their grandson . the dessert table has a cupcake tower with servings of cut slices of sheet cake or cookies and napkins around the base .
friends , family and coworkers of my uncle 's retiree party . my grandma , grandpa and my son enjoying lunch and chatting about life . [male] is bringing out all the cake.there were enough deserts on the table . not only did we have cake , but there were cupcakes and other deserts.so many sweets ! there are the signs i helped to make for the retiree party.the main one i worked on was the congratulations retirees .
adults are gathered around in a room during the christmas season . a man with glasses is standing amongst the men . a group of people stand and talk as an older woman sits nearby . a small group of people that are eating and drinking at a table . cupcakes arranged as yellow layer-cake upon table with yellow bunting .
there was an event today for the elders . everyone was having a great time talking and communicating . there was a even a man on stage to give a speech . a woman also had something she wanted to say to the crowd . overall , there were three people giving speeches and each of them were important .
two men suit jackets smiling and having a meal . a group of people eating on a long table people sitting down at a table in a gymnasium man with grey heir wearing red turtle neck sweater and brown jacket three of the four men are wearing glasses .
i got to the ceremony and there was already people there . they served food there . the speakers had a lot of speeches prepared . there were many of them . they talked for hours .
two men having a business lunch or party people are around the table eating a meal . elderly people sitting in brown chairs at tables with white table cloths orator speaks to audience from podium area at indoor venue . four men pose for a photo while one man clutches some files .
the group gathered together to celebrate a wonderful man today.. colleagues from all over the country came to sit with him and converse . it appeared over 50 educated lecturers had came to the award ceremony . and , finally , the dean took the podium . he presented mr. [male] with his award and they celebrated his accomplishment .
two men at a gathering with name tags . a group of people are sitting at a long white table together people sitting and eating at buffet tables on a basketball court a man wearing a blazer speaks from a podium . adults men attending indoor event take time out for photo .
carnival is a wonderful celebration in location . people walk along a parade , sometimes topless . they 're usually in very colorful costumes . musicians walk along with their instruments playing music and adding to the noise . there are organized groups of dancers too . i saw it this year and i loved it . i especially loved eating ice cream while watching it this year .
two people that are holding up a flag of the sun . a woman is dressed in costume on a float . crowds gather in the street for the parade . a woman dances while wearing brightly colored clothing . a woman is biting into a spongebob popsicle
i took all my friends to the parade last weekend . there were so many unique floats . a lot of the performers were wearing strange outfits . we had a great time there . we took many pictures .
two people are holding up a blue flag with an image of suns on them . a woman in a black and red bra top and a straw hula skirt . women wearing pointy bra parade around in the street . many women wearing dancing costumes walk the street . a woman is biting into a ice cream cone
praid day in our local town.lots of interesting people and floats.some were questionable i do n't see how they let kids go . many performers on the floats.lots of beautiful colors and designs . the music and dancers really caught my eyes . i often wondered how people are able to perform in such large groups of people without being scared . after i got my face painted i decided to buy a yummy treat.look who it is ... organization organization organization organization .
two men in costume holding a blue banner . a bunch of people hula-dancing on a stage . these two women are wearing outlandish costumes at an event women doing belly dancing in a parade on a street a girl with face paint enjoys a spongebob ice cream stick .
their son was all ready for his first day of kindergarten . mom took a picture with him first . then dad got in on the fun , posing proudly with his boy . their little boy was n't scared at all , and even smiled again for the camera while he waited with the other students . once he found his classroom , he quickly learned that his teacher was helpful and friendly . their son was soon very engrossed in his work and on his way to a lifetime of learning .
a grandmother that is posing with her grandson at school a father squatting down to hug his little son . the little boy wearing a backpack is sitting down and smiling . the woman is bending over the boy sitting at the table a small boy draws with a pencil at a table .
today was [male] 's first day at school , mum took a picture to remember . as did dad , he was happy his son got the opportunity to attend this kindergarten . [male] himself seemed pretty happy as well . he got to draw and had a nice teacher . he let his creativity run wild on paper . he ca n't wait to do it again .
lady with green purse kneeling down beside young boy with back pack on . adult male with young boy posing for photo outside brick building . a blond boy is wearing a black backpack . the teacher is helping the student with his crayons . a young boy is practicing how to utilize a pencil .
mom is at the entrance of the school with the young child on the first day . dad also came along to give the little one comfort on the first day . here is a picture of the young child on his first day of school with some classmates . the children are getting instruction on what they will do once all they others arrive . the children are waiting for the others to arrive plus they are talking and getting to know one another .
a mother with a large , green handbag crouched down next to her young son wearing a back pack in front of a brick building . a young boy is taking a picture with a older male . a little boy in blue sits on a curb the woman is helping the little boy with his school supplies . this is a picture of a child in class .
the couple decided to get up and go out for the day . they had ice cream at the fair . they went to the gift shop . they bought a [male] mouse . they had a nice dinner at the end of the night .
a woman in jeans is napping on top of an unmade bed . a man wearing sunglasses and a woman holding an ice cream cone smile broadly at the camera . two people posing by small children toys on shelves . couple pointing fingers at [male] mouse bobblehead award a couple at dinner posing for a picture close together .
a couple take a trip to organization and pose in front of the sign . the wife sits on the black couch and feels that it is comfortable . she tests the organization bed and wants to take a nap . they then decide to go have dinner at a fancy restaurant . when they come home , they see their dogs chewing hard on a stuffed animal .
a person is snuggled up in a twin-sized bed sleeping . a man and a woman with mouths wide open while the woman holds an ice cream cone . a young couple in a toy store make the peace symbol with their hands . a man and woman are holding a [male] mouse award and are pointing at it . a man in a brown fleece and a woman in a black top are sitting at a table with food and drinks placed on it .
they had a long trip to get to sweden.. and , they were happy to get to the hotel and rest.. she even wanted to take a short nap . then they went out to dinner and enjoyed a great evening.. when they returned to the hotel , their mom sent a photo of their babies playing at home
a person in their clothes stretched out in the bed . a happy couple ham it up while eating an ice cream two people pose with peace signs and a [organization] [organization] stuffed toy in a [organization] store . the couple is posing with a statue of [male] mouse . man and woman sitting at a restaurant table with food in front of them .
this is the day we went to see the city 's parks . we saw all kinds of pretty flowers . we went to see the parade downtown . there were all kinds of performers there . this guy was a fantastic juggler there .
a statue of a sitting man in a garden with pink flowers in the foreground . small crowd gathered together on a sidewalk watching some jugglers perform . two men wearing white shirts are being recorded on a street . a lot of people are sitting in front of buildings . several people are outside and there are trees with no leaves .
last weekend we were in the park taking pictures of all the flowers we could find . there were so many in different shapes and colors . suddenly there was a lot of noise behind us and then w saw that a street performance was occurring . we went over to watch some of the talented performers . it was a great way to end the day .
flowers near a statue of a seated man several people on a side walk in a city outside men getting filmed acting silly while people watch on the side . the black and white photo really captured the great time period . adults standing in paved area in front of church venue .
i thought it would be a lovely day to visit the botanical gardens . looks like there is a big celebration going on . wonder whats going on . oh snap ! , it 's a live street dance off . i got twenty on the bald guy . wha-the ? i think they just did a twilight dance . everything is in black and white . well , looks like we are in the twilight zone . anyone got a paint brush ?
a group of flowers that are next to the statue . two men juggling sticks surrounded by a crowd of people . a crowd watching a man run in the streets a black and white photo of people sitting outside of a house . a black and white photograph in front of a church
here are the pictures from my wedding . it was a perfect day . this is my wedding party . i love them al . here are pictures of our first dance , and groom mother dance . here 's is our reception . is was so much fun . i will treasure this day forever . i love my new husband .
a man and a woman are kissing at a wedding . a just married couple stands among their wedding party , dressed in black and maroon . series of photos showing happy relationships of couples a bride is throwing her bouquet and the groom is retrieving the garter . a bride and groom are dancing and kissing in a picture
weddings are one of the most special occasions in life . loving friends and family surround the bride and groom on their special day . fathers dance with the daughters they just gave away in marriage and moms dance with sons who have started on their own path to creating their family . everyone joins in the celebration during the reception after the wedding . all are there to wish the bride and groom the best future possible .
the bride and groom kissing while the brides flowers take up the focus of the picture . a bride and groom stand among the smiling wedding party . three photos of two people participating in a wedding cerimony three photographs of a man and woman a bride and groom stand in a private embrace
ginny and [male] 's wedding was the best day of their life . looking back at pictures now they laughed . they loved having these amazing memories together . even 5 years later they were so happy to be together . they were happier than ever now .
the bride and groom share their first kiss in holy matrimony . group of people gathered at a wedding in church three pictures , two black and white with the bride and a man , and one in color with a man and a woman . several shots of a crowd and a bride and a groom at a wedding a bride and groom kissing in front of a brown wall .
the family took a trip to the countryside . the sunsets were always beautiful out there . even the windmills look great in such a scenic area . there really were a lot of windmills out there . it made us happy to see all that clean energy .
a rundown old house in a field of windmills . power generating windmills are spinning on a dark day . you can see three windmills , and in the distance a fire . the wind is strong enough to keep the turbines busy . the sun is going down behind the clouds over an empty field .
we went to stay at an old log home last weekend . there were many giant windmills surrounding the home . at night they would spin silently . when it really blew hard the noise they made was deafening . we had beautiful sunsets out there .
a wind turbine stands by a run-down shack in a field with tall grass . white wind turbines against a cloudy sky in a field of low brush the sun is shining through the dark clouds . the sky over the wind turbines is overcast . image of a beautiful evening consisting of a large open field of plants soon to grow .
this house has seen it all weather wise . now it 's such a beautiful sight to see . the windmills were engulfed within the clouds before i took this one . as the sun set it 's like peace and relaxation sitting here . the windmills were as tall as skyscrapers and they generate so much power ! during the car ride home i had to take one last photo . it was a good one .
a brown house and modern windmilll sits in a field . wind things in the air with cloudy skys . the wind turbines are standing high , and the sun is setting . the skyscrapers were all lined up in all white the sunset in the field looks breath taking .
the kids were excited for their beach trip , even though it was winter and they had to wear lots of layers and could n't go in the cold water . they still had fun , though . they wrote their names and the date in the sand , and who knows , maybe the waves will spare them and the memory of them being there will live on forever . they also had a great time jumping off the cliffs , and watching the waves roll in from the ocean . even though they could n't swim , they still had an awesome beach trip .
a long plank walkway surrounded by dead brush . tall blades of grass and wheat in a yellow field . wispy , whimsical clouds drifted through the otherwise blue sky . the woman and young boy are against the rail and smiling . writing in the sand that includes the year 2012 inscribed .
my best friend and i having a good time out doors with the crisps cool air . i am posing for a picture for my best friend to add to album . i decided to draw in the sand the date and location where we were on vacation . decided to jump from a small cliff just to have a good time and be spontaneous . looking at the water coming in on beach from up here is beautiful .
a road that goes directly into the forest . small brown plants grow from the ground beneath a cloudy blue sky . clear sky with a small spread of clouds in the distance . a bot and a girl holding a wooden rail and smiling the words `` plum island 2012 '' written in the sand at a beach .
the boardwalk to the beach is well built and beautifully surrounded by grass . the grass is tall and gives the ocean a wonderful look . the sky is clear with wispy white clouds . a brother and sister pose for a picture together . this trip to location location in 2012 will always be remembered .
the dock stretches way out into the lake . wheat field under a cloudy , bright blue sky deep blue sky with white clouds covering sky a boy and girl are posing for a photo smiling . a drawing in sand that says plum island 2012 .
visited a church in location when i went to see my mom . windows are great ! i wish i could have those . a sign for some guards of the church who were killed in battle . cemetery where all the locals are buried . this one is a flying officer named b. carse , he was in the organization organization organization .
the stained glass windows inside of a church . the three stained glass windows depict different religious figures . members of the [male] family are remembered in this plaque . the tower on the building reaches high into the sky a stone monument into which is carved an eagle and the inscription `` flying officer b. carse , [organization] [organization] [organization] '' , two sets of dates and a cross , sits on green grass with a dirt mound in the background .
we took a tour of some of the most beautiful churches . they had the most beautiful stain glass windows . outside there were tombstones and memorials for locals who had died . we took some pictures to remember how beautiful they were . our last photo was that of someone who died during ww2 in the air force . !
stained glass windows of a church are large the window of the church had a figure on each of the arched panes . a plaque has historical writing to commemorate an event . an image of an old church and a grave yard . an old headstone on a grave depicts an image of an anchor and a cross .
i got dressed for halloween and then i went out for a walk . there were a lot of decorations outside . i went to the cemetery . the cemetery was creepy this time of the year . there were some flowers on the gravestones .
beautiful stained glass featuring our lord and savior the stained glass windows in the church shine multiple colors in the sunlight . military style memorial plaque in a brown marble and writing in gold letters . an old [male] church with very prominent steeple and adjacent cemetery . a gravestone that is commemorating a beloved person .
the day began with a lot of hard work from the control room . the leaders ensured that nothing would go wrong . speeches were made to commemorate the occasion . the rope was ceremoniously cut ! afterwards , the group posed for a picture .
men and women in a control center monitoring activities . a man is pointing to large security screens a man is giving a speech a a podium a few people is seen cutting a green ribbon . the group of people pose for the camera in front of the building .
today was the big day to receive certification . they had trained hard for months . [male] said he 'd never seen so many qualified people in one room . [female] wished she had n't worn the red jacket . they posed for a photo and soaked in the glory of accomplishment .
a room full of people working on computer . a security person points up at a bank of screens invading the privacy of innocent citizens . a man standing at a podium giving a speech . a group of people cutting the ribbon inside a room . large group of people pose for a photo in front of a large white building .
today my team and i ran the control room of the mayer 's ribbon cutting ceremony . we used dozens of screens . i made sure the mayer was safe during his speech . and i watched as he safely cut the ribbon . my team did an excellent job keeping everyone safe and monitoring the event today .
a control room with many technicians seated at computers and looking at a wall of monitors . man watches many security cameras and points to one on top row a man in a suit standing at a podium while other people listen to him . a line of people that are all cutting one ribbon . a group of people posing for a photo in front of a white building
today i was excited to leave work . there was a lot going on , even a parsde . lots of people dressed up for it . it was so much fun . i really enjoyed the harrah'a float
a signal light displaying a solid green light . a group of people dressed in yellow carry a dragon in front of crowds . people are gathered in the street wearing masks and bathrobes . other people are watching from the windows of their apartments . an asian art museum setup for some kind of parade . a woman with a crown on a harrahs parade float .
we went to the city early for the parade . the women marched the street carrying the large dragon . there were interesting masked characters walking the street . several floats passed en route . some of the floats showed royalty of the celebration .
a city street is surrounded by high rise buildings and street lights . 4 asian men participating in a chinese new year parade a group of prefromers are putting on a play people in a float shaped like a boat two guys walk by a [organization] [organization] sign at night .
i was out in the street early last night because i wanted a good spot to watch the parade from . as night fell the parade began . it was full of lion and dragon dancers . some people were carrying some very heavy things in the parade . there were many performers that made up the parade . some of the floats that went by were huge .
the stoplight in the middle of the city is flashing green young men hold up a traditional dragon in a parade . gathering of people wearing large head masks at outdoor event . people standing on orange and yellow parade float , a girl is sitting on a [organization] 's float that is decorated in golden emblems , lights and flowers .
the building was quite luxurious and many people came to the event . there was smoking before a sit down dinner that had a nice amount of talking .
topiary plants in pots near the front of a building four people standing in a group , and one man holding a glass of wine . he lit the cigarette in front of the man . a group of women discuss matters over a meal . a woman with red curly hair and glasses holding a drink .
this is the cafe i arrive to for the meeting . a couple of my friends are happy to see i made it . i told him to put the cigarette away , but i still captured the moment . it was fun watching everyone socializing . i caught my friend off guard at the end of the event . this was the way to end the night .
outside of a building , there 's a sign labeling it `` hentons , '' a first floor office suite . a group of 4 people are posing for a picture while one has a wine glass . six people in pairs of two sit and have conversations in a well lit room . three women having a conversation , sitting at two separate tables , there are red flowers on the tables . catching someone with a drink in their hand .
[female] sees the luncheon destination that she and her friends are looking for . they have entered and are being shown to the dining area . she knows that she is not in the location as she sees a man lighting a cigarette inside a building . people know each other so conversations are not restricted to only the people at your table . [female] loves the casual camaraderie and talks with people all over the room . it was a lunch with some excellent conversation .
a newly opened hotel offers office suites for let . the family gather together for a photo opportunity a gentleman is getting ready to spark a cigarette , while a patron is reminding him about the no smoking policy . people in business attire are gathered in a room . a woman with glasses that is smiling at the man .
kids and all joined in on the fun , all supporting location state ! we waved our flags high . many yelled in support and captured photos of the event . then , we all marched through the street with blue and orange balloons floating above . at the end of the day we all headed home .
two men are standing in a street in a city with a lot of other people . an arch of red and blue balloons with a crowd of people standing nearby . a little boy wears a crazy wild orange wig . the people are all crowded outside cheering for [organization] [organization] in their orange and blue gear . a man wearing a [organization] [organization] sweater and a beaded necklace holding a camera .
my local football team was playing on saturday . we got together to celebrate the beginning of a new season for organization organization . the kids dressed in blue and orange and walked with horns . the people gathered together in a rally for the team . even the older fans showed up to brave the cold and celebrate the team .
a man in a hat giving a strained expression . a blue and orange balloon arch is being carried by the people . a group of kids that are in their favorite costumes . a group of sports fans sitting outdoors during the day a man is wearing a shirt of his favorite college sports team and he is holding a camera .
we were on our way to the party we were so excited to have arrived there people of all ages were having a good time . it was nice having everyone gather together . then some guy started singing .
two people standing in the middle of a street an archway made of balloons is over the street a group is viewing something , including a kid with orange hair . a large group of people dressed in fan sportswear holding a flag supporting their team . man in a gold hat and blue sweat shirrt with camera in his hand
a dinner table was nicely set for six for a family meal . the diners seemed to have a nice , quiet time . one of the dishes was served in a fancy china dish with a gold ring . several kinds of desserts were placed on a platter . after dinner , five family members posed for a photo .
a picture of a long table set for a formal meal showing two females fully and one person sex unknown arm . face of a heavy set boy wearing glasses sitting while holding up a fist . the food is prepared in a bowl sitting on top of a plate on the set table . assortment of decadent desert items and candy displayed on platter . a group of people are in a living room posing for a picture .
uncle [male] prepared a feast for his family . [male] 's son was distracted by the baseball game on the tv . one of the best dishes was homemade chicken broth with dumplings . the plate of dessert treats disappeared in minutes . the family gathered together on the couch , full after a big meal .
family members are gathered around a dining room table for a special meal . the man and woman are sitting at a table with all the food . the bowl on top of the plate has soup the desserts have been placed on a plate that is circular in shape the family is posing together for the picture .
a group of family members have a great dinner . the brother of the family is anxious for dinner to start . he has a hearty soup with cream on it . a plate of deserts are served at the end . the family poses for a photo together .
several people seated at a dinner table . a young man wearing glasses eating food next to a lady also wearing glasses . the bowl of soup was ready and served on the table a dessert plate featuring chocolates , cookies , and candies fruit slices . a family sitting on the couch taking a photo together
a big crowd showed up for the rally . many people were angry . there were issues that needed resolution . everyone is tired of being misrepresented . there were some very compelling speakers .
street artists perform for a crowd of people . a large group of protesters are standing with each other men gathered together , one holding a sign that says unify in green and white letters . a man and a woman protesting holding a cardboard protest sign . a protest gathering featuring a man with a cardboard sign .
there was a great turn out today at the protest . the group spend thier time showing posters of what they felt deeply about . it was nice to see white , black , asian men and women coming together for one known cause . when the day came to end we know they spend so much time with each other it makes the community stronger . we must know a cause and know a way to fix it they said .
a man speaking emphatically at a public rally . a group of people marching for a cause men at a rally some with messages on their shirts . a young woman holding a sign at a political demonstration this picture shows people at a public protest or demonstration .
the rally was a lot of fun . there were tons of people there . i had a lot of energy that day . i showed my sign to everyone . we began to head north .
a scene of a man speaking in public while people are taking photos of him . a crowd of protesters listening to a speaker in a city street . three men at a rally that of anti-firearms are the right to bear arms a woman holds up a sign with a political opinion on it . the people are shoutimg in the crowd and taking videos
the location location played the major role in winning the war against the organization and their allies in wwii and this is the location location where our president is allowed to stay during his 4 to 8 year term . the nazis in location set up prison death camps where they murdered millions of jews during wwii . they built these furnaces so they could dispose of the bodies . some ( if not all ) of the nazis seen in this picture were brought to trial for their war crimes against humanity . here we see the actual pictures of nazis on trial where they were tried , convicted and soon after killed for their atrocities .
large white building with a flag on top and a fountain in front of it . black and white photo of a farming community with solar panels on the right . black and white photo of an old vintage furnace system . the men in uniform are marching along the path . ambassadors take notes and listen to interpreters while guards oversee the safety of everyone in the room .
we had a lot of work to do today . there were many service members there . i had a great time at the office . i was escorted back home . they were very serious .
the [organization] [organization] flies an american flag on the roof . a large farm in the countryside several years ago . the stone and black vaults with doors open a group of people that are walking with each other . many men are sitting down in an assembly with guards behind them .
this is what the american seat of power looks like in 2015 . this is the goal herr fuhrer . by using our new time warping machine we will influence history to ensure we 're sitting in here in the future . we will build `` the machine '' here . it will make us masters of the universe . `` set the furnaces and the factories to work . we must build this '' work begins on the dastardly plan immediately . the top brass comes to visit and survey the progress . the war is n't going well for location . `` we need to speed up progress ! ' so , we hear the german are up to something . no matter , we 'll just drop an h-bomb on the location . problem solved .
a fuzzy photo of the [organization] [organization] in [location] [location] [location] . black and white photos of several similar looking buildings lined up . a furnace that is used to cremate the bodies . men in military uniforms and suits walking outdoors . a group of people in a court room like setting with a line of soldiers in the back .
when i got to the end of the race i saw my entire family there supporting me . they made many signs for me . i am so happy they were there . they even bought me a dog . it was a great day .
runners are running in a line on the street . a group of marathon runners trudge on to meet their goal this picture contains various young people walking and running in a race . a group of people are holding signs to support [male] . a couple posing for a photo with another couple next to them
today was the day of the big race ! we were all too excited to run . here we are getting warmed up . my cheer team was ready to go . it was a fun race and i even got a medal !
a group of marathoners running on a tree lined street . the runners are participating in a marathon and starting to look tired . participants in a run grin at the camera as they walk by . the crowd is there together to cheer on [male] . a couple are seen hugging at an event
there are many runners today in the 5k . the runners are all doing their best to finish with their best time . some families who are running together wore the same colored shirts . supporters are lined along the streets to cheer on their loved ones . the winner of the 5k poses for pictures with supporters .
marathon event participants running in between orange cones on a street . a group of people is outside running a race . a number of runners are participating in a race the people and a dog are holing signs and smiling . two people are hugging with a lot of people in the background .
today they were setting up for a birthday . it was her 2 and birthday . she got all kinds of presents from everyone . a whole bunch of people came to see her . they all had an amazing dinner and time together .
a little girl in a red dress , white stockings , and black shoes stares upward . people sit in a living room making festive hats out of construction paper . a father makes a goofy face for his daughter as they were homemade hats . a woman with a hat on her head holding a glass of wine a couple holding a baby while posing with silly paper hats .
it 's my brothers birthday today . we 're having a birthday party . here i am with dad . here 's my aunt . here 's my brother . happy birthday !
a girl in a red dress stairs into the camera a group of people cutting colorful shapes out of paper . a man and a little girl wear colorful hats . the woman has a funny hat and a glass of wine two parents proudly display their little boy while they have hand made hats on their heads .
little [female] was n't happy about having to wear a dress for thanksgiving . she started to cheer up as more family members came over , and they all made turkey hats to wear . [female] laughed and laughed as her dad pretended to be a real turkey . mom got a little tired of the game and broke open a bottle of wine . their neighbors played along , too , and made matching hats .
a little girl in a red dress looking up at the camera . a group of people making hats and other things out of construction paper . a man with glasses playing with a little girl a lady with a a turkey hat and a orange shirt two people are holding up a baby wearing paper hats .
the subway was extremely fast and efficient . when we got off , we headed through the entrance to the spa . these was a longer journey than we thought to the spa . when we got there , there was only one person in the tub . we had a lot of delicious food at the spa .
a white underground train with a yellow stripe is waiting for people to board . there is a large painting mounted above the stairway near the train tracks . a view of the subway between trains in [location] the train station is empty and none of the shops are open . a bus is lined up on the rail as it comes in for a stop .
it 's new bullet train . we call it [male] because of the nose which looks like a duck bill . today is testing day for this new train . the station is empty because it 's not ready for the public yet . the tracks are clear too . we do n't want anything getting in the way of the test . it 's weird to see the place so empty . like a zombie apocalypse emptied the place of humanity . okay , and we 're off . the test ride has begun .
white , yellow and blue bullet train waiting at station . an empty subway platform has a set of stairs descending to another level . a train station is nearly empty with only a few people waiting there are no people in sight in this subway station . a modern fast speed train at a train station
this is a new rocket subway being installed in location . it 's built underground to keep from disturbing roads already in place . the stations run for several blocks each . in just a few months this area will be full of passengers . this is a smaller eraly morning commuter version pulling in .
a sleek looking train standing at a train station . the stairs going down to the subway are lit up . waiting for the train to come late at night . an empty train station in a foreign place . fast train arriving at the train station terminal .
dressed in hazard gear , they hoped to make an impact on the community . armed with flyers , they were determined to make a difference . many people stopped and listened to what they had to say . others were hesitant , wanting to get away as quickly as possible . in the end , it seemed that they had done some good for their cause .
man wearing a rain poncho talking to two young kids on the street a man in hazmat clothing walking in the streets with many people . two men in chemical suits talking to bystanders at some sort of event people outside in hazard suits and not in hazard suits a group of people that are next to each other .
a group of people protested in costumes . they waited on the street for people to pass by . then they would hand fliers to people that would pass by . after that they walked down the street to find more people . they stopped a couple of men as they were walking inside the building .
a man in a white hood is talking to two teenagers . a man in a radioactive hazmat suit is walking down the street . four people of which two have on rain gear , while another is standing in shorts and a third is wearing blue jeans and a green t-shirt . workers , wearing body suits to protect against hazards , collect near a vehicle . two men in hazmat suits carrying clipboards walking up to 2 men in a suit and one man in green shirt .
i was quite concerned when i was at the amusement park and people in bio chemical suits began to show up . i worried there was a virus outbreak . i noticed that staff members met with them and escorted them into the auditorium . they were followed by company executives . it turned out it was a seminar as to how to keep guests safe in case of a breakout . afterwards , they spend some time answering questions for the park 's guests . they even posed for pictures . i was so glad there was nothing wrong .
a group of people that are standing in the rain . a man in a biohazard suit and mask is walking down the street the men were prepared for any type of weather that day . three people in hazmat suits are prominent in this outdoor , urban setting as others wonder around . men in hazmat suits look on as the gentlemen in suits enter the facility .
today i experienced the art of another culture . giant statues were created almost a century ago in location . there were hidden lakes that made for good vacation spots . an eerie bridge scared me because of the fog . i ended up walking down the bridge and going home .
[female] forest with tree in front fore ground cloud between green trees and the tree in the center has no leafs a figure emerges from a gray colored unknown substance fog rises up and engulfs the eerie bridge . two statues that are different heights and designs .
the jungle was misty and spooky the day we visited the national park . you could see the remains of trees that had burned in a fire that swept over the land a few years ago . the tar pits were constantly bubbling , emitting gas and steam . the bridge crossing the pits was covered with a fine ash from the residue . there were giant tiki statues everywhere paying homage to the native populations that settled the land .
a misty area with trees with a lot of green vegetation . smoke rolls over a small patch of dead forest . bubbles come up in the dirty muddy water a wooden bridge that curves as it goes forward . unique bronzed artwork displayed in open space outdoors .
the god of fog and mist was angry . he stood ever vigilant over his lands . however the rivers and lakes were polluted . man had caused this , and man would be punished in never-ending fog . the mists and fogs rolled in , the god knew this would be mankind 's final days .
a shot of the jungle with mist settling into the background . a dead tree with a cloud of steam in the background . a bubble of mud rises to the top . fog obscures the view on a winding wooden bridge . the sculptures are made of metal and on a rock base .
i woke up yesterday and decided to go and see the geyser . many people were there to watch . it was pretty big . when it erupted the water was very high . it was incredible .
a clean but sparse bedroom with a full size bed , turned back and ready for sleeping . a group of people sitting on the rocks while waiting for someone to perform a small crowd of people watches a geyser . a group of people watch a geyser erupt . the geyser old faithful on display at [location] [location] [location]
out of bed ready to start my vacation . the crowd gathers around the geyser . patiently waiting for the geyser to erupt . the steam is shooting up in air . the crowd is happy they were able to witness the eruption .
a bed that is unmade with lights above the bed a group of people sitting behind a metal gate , with a gyser in front of them , and smoke exhaust is coming out . visitors awaiting geyser to go off at popular tourist area . a large hot spring that is going skyward a crowd of people viewing a waterfall during the day .
he laughed when she started to make the bed , telling her thats what the maids were for . besides , they had to hurry to get a good view . the were going to watch old faithful . hot steam , propelled right out of the earth . higher and higher it gushed .
a room with white wall , one small painting and unmade bed . a crowd sits in outdoor bleachers to watch a natural phenomenon . a crowd of tourists stand in front of a smoking mound of clay . a group of people gather together to look at a geyser . a geyser at the moment it shoots water into the air .
i 'd like my wife to break into underwear modeling , so i took some shots of her . i think she 's as pretty as anyone i 've seen in catalogs . she has gorgeous hair , and she looks great in fancy clothes . it was fun taking the pictures ! i hope she gets a big contract soon . it will be fun for her , and would certainly help the budget !
a woman is modelling underwear before a black backdrop . the woman is posing for the camera scantily dressed . a woman in racy underwear is shown . a smiling female in black lingerie on her knees on top of a bed . the woman is posing in her underwear and fighting gloves .
the girl posed for some boudior shots . she dressed in lingerie . she planned on giving the photos to her husband for his birthday . the photographer did a great job . they were risque but tasteful .
brunette woman in a black and white plaid bra and boyshort set . a woman in red and black lays on a red . a woman in skimpy lengerie poses provocatively for a photo . a woman is photographed in some sexy underwear . woman wearing boxing gloves and lace undergarments covering bare breasts
she wanted to make her husband a calendar for his birthday and she started off with sexy plaid . she then wanted to play the devil.. and , show that she would get more and more risquÃ© . she showed her nice buttocks , which is his favorite feature on her . and , finished with a beautiful frontal .
this girl is modeling a black lace and plaid bra and panties set . sexy woman in lingerie posing on top of a bed . a female wearing a red lingerie top and black stockings . she was apprehensive about posing in lingerie but did it anyway a topless woman in lingerie covering her chest with boxing gloves .
everyone was excited after the wedding . our sister snacked on fruit at the reception . the flower girls danced around the gazebo . after they settled down we posed for a picture . we caught a closeup of my sister by surprise .
two young girls , one in a pink dress , and one in a white dress , are dancing together in the middle of a gazebo . a family happily surrounds a disabled man in a wheelchair . four females and one male in front of a gazebo . a pair of older couples stand in front of a gazebo posing . a group of six women standing side-by-side in front of a gazebo .
two young girls are dancing in the pavilion . the adults gather together in front of the pavilion for a group photo . the flower girl and young bridesmaid pose for a picture with some adults . four happy guests smile at the photographer during this happy celebration . the bride poses with some of her friends to mark the occasion .
a young girl in a white dress is dancing with a young girl in a pink dress . many adults are standing near a gazebo and a man in a wheelchair . a family posing outside a gazebo during the day . the lady and three men put on a united front for a photo beside the gazebo . six well-dressed women standing in front of a gazebo .
the reception was a lot of fun today ! we ate a lot of fruit and snacks ! the girls danced in the gazebo and looked very pretty in their dresses . we took some family photos to show the beautiful day ! the smile on her face captured the wedding day perfect !
two young girls wearing dresses dance together in a pavilion . a group of people near a gazebo smiling and looking face forward two girls in white dresses stand in front of three adults and a gazebo . three men and a woman pose together in front of a gazebo . the center girl is holding purple flowers and is surrounded by five women who are supporting her celebration under the gazebo .
they decided to go on vacation to location . they stayed amongst the native people from the town . the houses consisted of shanties , but it was an exciting experience . they celebrated with the townspeople at night . in the morning they toured the beautiful landscape and saw the local wildlife .
a view of green clad mountain peaks from the top of a mountain . a large agricultural area in impoverished communities having market a hut made out of sticks has a roof above it . woman in group holding a lit candle at night . a group of animals that are grazing on the fields .
i went for a hike last weekend . we went through the entire forest . it was very dense . when we finally got to the village we were very hungry . the locals made us some food .
the mountain can be seen in the distance beyond the trees . people standing next to a field and some animals the picture shows a make-shift house that is painted a woman that holds a candle in the dark . people and horses outside working a field .
i went with a native to visit the living conditions of a group of people not far from me in this beautiful country i 'm visiting . they 've set up camp near the fields they are working . they have built a central meeting place . i 'm amazed at how social and close this group of people are . the work they do is so hard .
a view of the mountains on a very good day . a lot of people are working around a farm the run down shack made of twigs is painted red and blue a woman standing in the middle of a crowd holding a candle . animals in the wild with a man farming
the people were volunteering when they read the article . then they chopped wood and saw flowers before talking at the table .
people walking around and looking for things to do . a written summary of the `` koto '' , which is [location] 's national musical instrument . it is not immediately obvious what these men are doing with those mallets . the woman is crafting a beautiful floral arrangement . a group of young people in red cooking
it was japanese culture day at school today ! here 's someone using asian techniques on plants . a lot of people came ! people even brought their kids ! there was an enka singer , and even some japanese sweets !
two people with bright pink hair watching others . a brief history of the koto , a japanese instrument . people in yellow shirts dip wooden posts into a bucket as women watch in the background . a old woman in a red apron tending to exotic plants . five people in orange making some sort of pasterie
the japanese cultural festival featured a variety of cultural demonstrations . the koto demonstration was very informative . this demonstration showed men smashing fruits in buckets . this woman did intricate floral arrangements . her demo was very interesting . we finished our tour by watching some japanese craftsman make pottery .
people attending an event with kids and presenters it is always educational to learn about [location] 's national musical instrument , the koto . an asian man holds a wooden hammer as other look on.. woman arranging flowers and vines in an arched cylinder vase group of people wearing orange shirts filling baking sheets with dough .
[male] and [female] celebrated their anniversary . the food was expensive and very good . they had their picture taken nine times that night . [male] and location had been friends since elementary school . they called themselves the organization organization and rode off into sunset .
a heavyset man in blue having dinner with a woman in black a table with a platter filled with different kinds of deserts . a smiling young lady stands beside a somber looking young man . two men that are both wearing button down shirts . three men pose for a picture at a party .
they celebrating their first anniversary by going out to eat . the food was quite lovely . after dining they decided to stop by their favorite pub . but as usual he started to drink too much . he was more interested in his pals than her .
a couple is enjoying a night together at dinner . a collection of dessert samples on the dish . an image cant be described by me it is blank two people standing next to each other under light in dark room three men at a party holding red party cups .
we had a very nice table to sit at for our meal . a picture of us after dinner and ready to party . everybody was having a blast we got to meet some cool ne people . this guy looks like he may have partied to hard
a man and woman are sitting across from each other the restaurant is offering a variety of desserts . the couple is standing in front of another couple who are talking near the painting . a pair of men stand next to each other in a darkened room . three white males holding red solo cups smiling at the camera
i had my indiana jones costume on and had a beverage in hand at my friend 's annual halloween party . the party included tons of drink and food options thanks to our wonderful host , who 's seen here working hard in the kitchen . there were lots of people there , so sometimes the party spilled out onto the front stoop . [male] 's costume was my favorite . i hate clowns and he kept sneaking up behind me and scaring me , but ultimately it was funny . the gang had a great time . i ca n't wait for another year to pass so we can attend another party .
a man wearing indiana jones costume at house several women wearing red prepare drinks in a kitchen . halloween party at the stairs of a house getting wild a man in makeup and a costume hat and tie . the party goers have on their customs and are happy .
the costume party was a lot of fun . there was plenty of food and drink . there were a lot of funny moments . someone dressed up as a clown . a group picture was taken at the end .
a man is holding a drink in a costume two girls with black hair and red shirts are in a kitchen . the three people at the halloween party is having fun man with clown paint and costume on at a house party . a group of people standing side by side and holding beverages
for halloween the grown ups all gathered for a costume party at the neighbors house . indiana jones was there . everyone enjoyed the themed drinks . and then we all took photographs . towards the end everyone was tired and went home .
the nman in the brown hat is posing for a picture . two people wearing red cook in a kitchen . three people dressed up in costume hanging outside a man has his face painted and clothes on to resemble a clown . the halloween party was a success i would say
the venue was very comfortable . some of my friends played the dancing game . they played for about an hour . my coworkers talked over drinks . the ride back was enlightening .
a group of people that are riding the subway people jam into an extremely crowed public transportation car . a train is very crowded with passangers . group of people dressed warmly riding on the bus a group of people all riding on a train .
[male] had a plan the day of the celebration . he set up dance dance revolution for his friend . his friend danced with his younger sister for a while . [female] was there because her and [male] were friends since second grade . [female] was on the bus on the way to [male] 's house .
the people are crowded onto a subway train . a group of people that are standing in the train . people standing tightly packed inside a subway car . people on a train with a girl in the far back wearing silly glasses . a young woman in a subway car smiles while her fellow commuters are less than thrilled .
in our vacation to location location city we got on a subway for the first time . it was so crowded people were pushing and shoving . we could n't find a place to sit so we had to stand and we held on to the poles . as soon as some people got up to get off at the next stop i sat by a girl who had huge pink and blue sunglasses . i gave [male] a look from the corner of my eye and we laughed .
american subway system , seems to be full and they dont want more people to come in an underground train packing tightly with many people . the bus is completely packed with passengers trying to go somewhere . a group of people on public transportation doing various things . the people are on the bus . w woman has snow in her hair .
the actors celebrated the close of their play with a party . about 50 people showed up for the party . music was provided by a local dj . beer , wine , and mixed drinks were also provided . and , a few people had one too many drinks and needed to lie down .
a group of people standing out of a building a black and white photo of people mingling at a party in someone 's backyard a man with headphones around neck with dj equipment . a person holding a beer bottle looking at some type of design with wheels on their shirt a man laying on the ground with his shirt off
[male] and [female] are sitting on top of the fridge at the party . since it 's a nice day , there are many people in the yard at the party . the dj is playing music for the party guests . [male] is playing a joke on [female] at the party . when the party is over , people are gathered outside to say goodbye .
a black and white scene with people gathered outside all looking at a well lit area in the distance . a bunch of people a having a party in front of a house . a young man in a darkened studio is editing tape . the only light comes from the equipment he is using . the man is showing off his shirt while drinking a beer . a man sprawled on ground after consuming alcohol
everyone started walking towards the house where the party was being held . soon , the room filled up with all of them , and the sound of talking filled the room too . in no time the dj got set up and music was added to the background . people started enjoying themselves immensely , and almost everyone ate and drank to liven up the fun . unfortunately , there were a few people that drank too much , and some people passed out .
people are mingling together as they wait by the fence for the main event . young people socialize at a yard party held at night . a dj that is playing in front of the audience . someone is holding a beer in one hand while pulling out their tee shirt that reads , `` thunderstorm , '' to show . man laying on floor because of intoxication levels
adding the last touches of makeup before the ceremony . the bridesmaid and the groomsman are walking down the isle . now the blushing bride is being walked down the isle . the ceremony is in full swing . let the celebration of the marriage begin !
the lady is getting her makeup put on by the makeup artist . a woman in a gown , being escorted by a smiling man in a suit , down an aisle the gathered crowd of well dressed men and women watched the bride and groom walk down the aisle . a black and white image of a couple exchanging vows . three people at a wedding reception ; younger man , older man who is sitting and a woman
[female] gets her make up put on before the wedding . mom and dad are proud to be there ! the couple prepare to take their vows . here they are pronounced man and wife . everyone enjoyed the reception .
a woman is gazing upwards while someone stands next to her a formally dressed man and woman are walking down the aisle . a man and woman walking down the aisle during a wedding . the strange ceremony began as they kneeled in front of the priest . three people are wearing silly accessories and smiling at the camera .
the makeup artist did their job . then the show began . the place was pretty packed by then . but the event went off without a hitch . we partied then called it a night .
a doctor puts a contact lens into the eye of a patient laying down . a guy is hooking arms with a crying woman a bride and groom walking down the aisle as the bride and groom were being blessed the families admired these people are at an event that involves costumes as well as formal attire , and are glad to involve the older man in their fun .
my friend [male] threw a party to celebrate the last day of bush 's presidency . he 'd planned it for years . [female] and i were excited to go . [male] always threw a great party . [male] and [female] were there , even though [male] is a republican . [male] sang a song he 'd composed himself about bush being no longer president . no one quite understood the balloon theme at the table , but that 's [male] . he always keeps you guessing !
a large electric sign showing the date of bush 's last day . two people standing together taking a photograph a man in striped shirt holding a bag of chips and a girl in a tube top . a man wearing a yellow hat and glasses with his eyes closed a balloon in each plate are on a large white table .
[female] is turing the dirty 30 and is having a party with he friends here she is conversing with a old friend from college and one from work she decorated the tables seating placements herself . it is now time to eat . her friend from work made her the food she likes the most which is lobster [female] takes one more picture from tonight and she is happy as can be from a wonderful birthday party .
a funny bumper sticker with a date on it . the man in the back is wearing a bright colorful shirt . the man and woman hugged before eating potato chips the man is wearing a party hat and a colorful shirt . the table was set with balloons in a middle of a bowl with the child name written on them .
it was bush 's last day in office . this was the happiest day of my life . me and my wife were ecstatic . we were almost as ecstatic as our friends . but our friend who always wears yellow hats was perhaps the happiest of all . we celebrated by putting balloons on our dinner plates .
a bumper sticker declares january 20th , 2009 is bush 's last day in office . a young male and female pose for a picture indoors . a man and woman embrace for a photograph a man with glasses that is having fun in a room . a decorated table for a child having a birthday party
while eating lunch and waiting was in conversation with a friend of mine . a storm started to roll in as we were finishing our meal . a shot of the skyline as it started to cloud over . the ships started to pull in as the sun started to set . a ferris wheel stretching up towards the sky so tall .
a variety of people sitting in a window filled restaurant . closeup of a woman looking to her right in a restaurant setting the two girls are setting there about to take a picture two middle aged men posing before a body of water . a waterfront scene from an outside restaurant at night .
the party we went to was a lot of fun . it was rainy outside but we were very dry inside . i met a lot of new and interesting people there . afterward we got together to exchange contact information . once night started to fall people started leaving .
people in a restaurant with glass windows all around a woman is looking to the left and smiling two blonde girls that are sitting next to each other two men in th picture are smilling and looking at the camera the boats are in the water near the patio
a nice business meeting was set up on a cold october day . [female] an intern for one of the leading companies was having a drink with a few associates to hand in some paperwork . during her dinner a few old friends approached her and asked if they could join . the two associates loved making new friends and welcomed the females . they had a nice dinner and ended the night with a boat ride .
tables of people sitting inside a glass enclosure showing a cloudy day outside . a dark haired woman sitting in a restaurant . the two blonde women are standing together in front of the shelves . two men are standing together and smiling during dusk a city scape along the water with many lights
the windows on this restaurant have this cool embellishment . the back has a cool retro feel to it . they light up the trees all around the building . the white dog was just hanging around and enjoying the day you could see a house through the brush .
a windowed building with white ornate trim and decorated windows . the blue table and bench are sitting behind the disheveled building . blurry picture of a tree with red and yellow lights on it the people on the sidewalk passed by the white and black dog a late fall view of a rural home near a river , secluded by various trees and foilage .
[male] wanted to fix up his old house . he wanted to redo the bricks on the outside . he got inspiration to also add lights from his neighbor . he walked down to the local hardware store to buy his supplies . he also remembered he needed to mow his front lawn .
it is hard to make out the frosted design on the window . an old house covered with vines , and has bright colors blurry image of some lights in a tree . a dog is sitting on a sidewalk near some people walking , one carrying a child . a white house is set behind some trees and grass .
i left the house i just got to go see the community . stopped by the neighbors but no one was home . they had lights set for christmas in their trees the street itself was simple and relaxing . we walked back home through the trail and called it a day .
a very elaborate paned window painted in white . an old brick building is covered in large vines . a blurry picture of red and yellow lights is displayed . the dog is siting by his self on the side of the building . white framed house located beside pond with trees
the villagers worked hard to repair the damage from the storm . the organization organization of engineers were on hand to help . when the organization engineers fixes a broken pipe . another corpsman entertains the children . all the villagers were very happy to get help .
an ethnic man scrapes paint off of a wall . a young man in an army uniform and hard hat lifts a piece of metal . the guy is dressed infatiques and a yellow hard hat a group of tribal women sit together in colorful clothes . a woman in military camouflage shaking hands with native people .
some where over there in a small ton they need people to help them rebuild . our location soldiers are there to help the people out . soldiers spend time painting and culking . some time the women of the town bring the kids to meet the soldiers in order for them to know who is helping . a lot of the time the kids are happy to see the soldiers .
an image of a man that is painting a white board a man in army green and a yellow hard hat standing . a man that is painting the wall with a white color . a group of people that are sitting next to each other . a solider holding hands with local citizens
walls had to be plastered . planks nailed . they had come to help them . the people were delighted to have them . it was always good to have helping hands .
a man applying spackle of plaster to a wall using a metal scraping tool . a soldier helping to build wearing a yellow helmet the [organization] sergeant is busy working on his job . the children are gathering around a soldier in uniform . the soldier meeting and greeting with the families
there is a party going on under this tent . food and drinks are being offered to the people . games of cricket are getting ready to be played . a man with shades on is up to hit as we speak . everyone is patiently waiting their turn .
group sitting under tent at an outdoor picnic . the little boy is playing croquet with the adults . among the young men of [location] [location] 's parish , a brisk game of croquet is a favorite way to relax . adults playing croquet on lawn near large brick building . three people are posing with shuffleboard sticks on a sunny day .
we arrived late at the party and it was n't by accident . i was n't looking forward to another boring gathering . but a croquet game started and it was really fun . i had n't played since i was a kid but i did pretty well . i 'll happily attend more family functions if games are played .
gathered together with friends and family for a celebration . a group of people are gathered by a tent in a park . a man holds a croquet mallet while others look on . a couple on a team is playing a game in the yard adults standing outside with mallets at sporting event .
several people showed up for the lawn game party . everyone is chatting awhile before the lawn games start . i guess we will be first up . here we are all set to start . let the games begin !
group of people sitting under a tent outdoors . people enjoy the outdoors underneath a canopy . a man gets ready to hit the ball in a friendly game of crochet . a man and woman are outside playing a game in the grass . three people posing for a picture holding wooden hammers
it was time for graduation at uf . [male] was graduating with many of his peers . after his graduation , he had to take a picture with the school mascot ! he was really great friends with his professors . he even went to church with one of his professors !
a event with a lot of empty seats on the second floor . a group of people are sitting outside in rows on graduation day . the man is standing with the team mascot . the people are standing together in their graduation outfits . a young girl in a dress sits on a white man 's lap with a black man in the background .
[male] is the guy in the middle . he has a pretty good life . he and his lover just adopted a new baby and they could n't be happier ! here is mark with his lover . [male] is in the suit as he is the teams mascot he often times had to perform in front of very large crowds . it made things especially hard since the team had been on a losing streak .
an even that is taking place inside of a statium graduation celebration with many students in caps and gowns a basketball shaped mascot from [organization] poses with a young man outside a city building . man and two women in graduation caps and gowns man in shirt and tie holding little girl in multi colored polka dot dress . boy standing beside them in suit jacket , shirt and tie smiling .
after a long time i finally graduated . everybody game to the graduation ceremony . the school mascot was there to show support . there were a lot of student 's graduating . the cameras at the event made it easier to watch .
the sparsely crowded stadium was decked in orange and blue . a very large group of people attend a commencement event . the syracuse college mascot is out and about on a campus making friends with all the students . mother and daughter are standing on the sidewalk and there are kids mulling around . a few people in caps and gowns smiling for the photo . two men and a little girl posing for photo in front of a white curtain .
my sister [female] and my brother [male] went with me to my great aunt floras 87th birthday party . it was held in a nice room at the organization organization . her birthday cake was so pretty . it was all completely edible . here 's aunt [female] looking at my gift . a photo album full of old photos . she gave a thank you speech and everyone clapped . it was a nice day .
several people are standing and observing something outside the picture . family photographs last a lifetime thanks to modern cellphones . a two tiered wedding cake on a linen tablecloth . a female senior sitting in a chair looking at a book . elderly lady with a small bouquet of flowers .
the family all got together for a birthday party . it was [female] 's 85th birthday . here she is with her children . the bakery did a beautiful job with the cake . one of her gifts was a photo album . she was very happy to be surrounded by her family .
young adults looking on to activities in residence . this is the picture of a group of people an elegant tiered cake with frosting flowers on top sits on a lace-edged tablecloth a old woman sits in a chair and reads a scrapbook . a woman holding flowers in front of a fireplace
whatever the occasion is , whether it be a birthday or wedding , or church or just a community event , there 's always a good reason to spend time with family and friends . in the end , all we have are memories . make sure they are good ones .
a couple of people standing around at an event . two men take photos of a family group . a two tier blue and white cake decorated with flowers . an old woman is sitting down , looking through a book an older lady standing next to a brick fireplace .
for halloween this year we decorated the entire house in ghosts and pumpkins . for this pumpkin , we carved it out and gave it face before completing destroying to scare people . we painted this pumpkin with makeup on it to make it look like a lady pumpkin . the trick or treat kids were terrified when they saw the skeleton body . while some people ran away from the house we did have people that made it to the front door throughout the night .
the yard is littered with halloween decorations , some with lights . a carved pumpkin is rotting and messy , but still lit . a pumpkin that has been carved in and out . a lawn is decorated with a skeleton and tombstones two people wait for a front door to be opened .
it was halloween night , and the family decided to trick-or-treat together . their first stop was a graveyard in their neighbor 's lawn . having made it through safely , they were greeted with an attacked pumpkin on the porch . not to be outdone , the next neighbor had an exaggerated face on her pumpkin - more odd than scary . the last house featured a ghoul enjoying some tombstones . the children were ready to return home . the other relatives at home greeted the team as they returned from their scary visits .
a halloween tableau in a yard with gravetones and ghosts . a glowing jack-o-lantern is covered in with pumpkin flesh and seeds . a halloween pumpkin carved and decorated like a woman 's face . the dressed skeleton sits between two burning torches . a woman and child standing and looking over in a direction .
the davidsons went all out for halloween last year . they carved jack-o-lanterns , and some were whimsical . some of the jack-o-lanterns were downright scary . there was even a hearse as part of the spooky decorations . neighborhood parents and trick-or-treaters were frighteningly impressed .
lawn filled with lit up halloween decorations for the night . a well carved pumpkin made to look like its in pain a pumpkin is carved to look like a woman . a halloween display on a front yard includes a skeleton , tombstones , and lamps . two people are standing in a lighted doorway .
these girls are looking forward to a day the park . stretched out in the sunshine for little relaxation , well deserved . the girls engage in a little wrestling match , all in good fun . she does a little stretching to loosen up . the girls compare biceps to see who has the bigger muscles .
a woman looking at the sky while the other woman looks at something in her hand . a woman with sunglasses that is sitting on the grass . the lady is leaning over the other ladies back a woman is standing outside near a tree an image of a girl showing off her arms
the group of friends decided to go out on a hot day . they wanted to work out at the local park . both of the girls were fans of working out . they decided to have a picnic at a nearby park as well . the friends had a lot of fun working out . they also got to spend some intimate time together . the practiced various stretching exercising and yoga . it was relaxing and fun . at the end of the day the exercises really gave them a good workout . it was a fun and productive day .
two young women wearing sunglasses stand on a sidewalk . woman with dark glasses sitting on a blanket . a woman lays on another person at the park woman standing with hand stretched while holding a ball outside a woman in a purple sleeveless shirt is flexing .
we went to the park together to play . [male] was very good at throwing the balls a far distance . [female] just posed with them . [female] held on to them before her turn to throw them . then we decided to sit down for a picnic .
two women on the street with sunglasses looking in different directions . woman is sitting in the park on a sunny day a woman that is on top of another person . a young woman wearing a tank top and jeans stretches to roll a ball . a woman in purple tank top showing her muscle
i recently traveled abroad to do some shopping , and i started in a quaint shop with purses , hats , and other items . at the next shop i saw wooden cars displayed in a bowl . i am a doll lover , so i had to stop and browse at the shop with many dolls . next i went to a store where a boy was selling hats with his parents . at my last stop i shopped at a store with many unique clothing items .
assorted bags and hats hanging from a display . a silver basket full of small cars is near a teddy bear . there are rows and rows of figurines of all sizes . the little kid by the stand selling all the hats fabrics of many colors and patterns are rolled up and stacked .
my family and i love going to the market downtown . one of my favorite stops is the booth that sells purses and handbags . my son loves to look at the small toys that the artists make . my daughter enjoys the many stalls that contain unique dolls . my husband prefers where the hats are sold and usually buys one or two ! at the end of the day , we always stop at the booth that sells shirts and get matching ones .
outside of a shop with pinwheels , purses and blankets . a bowl of hand made wooden cars is ready to sell . a group of figurines with dark colored skin . a young boy is standing outside of a shop selling hats and other items . a pile of brightly colored fabric piled neatly on a table .
the family decided to visit our grandparents for christmas . we stopped by a local plaza to buy christmas presents . we found a few trains carved out of wood . there was a vast amount of ceramic coin banks . a small boy invited us to check out his father 's hat shop . we picked up a few blankets , shirts , and table cloths for many of the family members at the plaza .
a series of purses and other items at a street vendors store . the basket holds a bunch of wooden toy vehicles . a collection of mostly native american and african american statuettes . a sombrero and bag shop on the side of the road . a pile of brightly colored fabric is folded in some semblance of order .
his father , who was once so close , now laid in a casket - dead . he and his sister mourned together , remembering their childhood . the organization guard was there to celebrate his father 's life with them . after the funeral , there was a celebration of his father 's life . he truly learned how respected and revered his father really was .
the viewing of the fallen soldier was attended by many a man and woman standing at a counter while a guard looks on . a small group of people walking through a line of military personnel standing at attention . a man shaking the hand of a lady in a crowd the people are dressed up and greeting each other .
the president of location arrives in location . the president and his wife are given a warm welcome . he is here to attend the funeral of [male] chavez . he must return to his home country , where his people need him . back in location he is greeted by his many friends and supporters .
several people standing next to a casket viewing the body . a man and a woman are at some kind of ceremony . a man and a woman walking through of military people the man in the black suit reached over to shake the lady hand . men greeting at large outdoor gathering at night .
we were honored while we were on vacation to be invited to see a official getting sworn in . the officials arrived and walked down the red carpet . the officials signed their contracts that made the contracts legal . some of the major government officials from the organization had to leave . towards the end of the night everybody gathered back at the restaurant .
a group of people looking into a casket at a funeral a coupke put their hands on a box in a religious ceremony guests walk down a red carpet flanked on either side by honor guards dressed in white , brandishing rifles with bayonets . shaking hands with someone that have just met in a crowded area . there are two men that exchange a handshake at night .
the ceremony started with the guards marching to the national anthem . they presented some awards and saluted to show their respect . we got to hear from a bag pipe player as well , which was really interesting and entertaining to see and hear . these officers are taking an oath to serve their duties to the fullest they can achieve . a veteran is then presented with flag to commemorate his bravery and service .
three men in uniform march together outside toward a purpose . military personnel saluting bearer at entrance to building . a bagpipe in a festival being the center of attraction . he is opening the festival with a typical song for the occasion . two united states marines present an american flag to another marine . a naval officer handing a folded flag to a veteran .
i watched the funeral of an fallen army soldier . the fallen soldier was carried with great respect and shown full honors from his fellow soldiers . bagpipes played , as the soldier was brought in . the flag was folded with great respect and reverence . the flag was then presented to surviving family memeber , before the remains were laid to rest .
three military men are marching in a small formation . a military ceremony where men in dark blue uniforms are saluting a box . a man dressed in tradition scottish clothes playing the bagpipes . two uniformed soldiers holding up the american flag to another a serviceman presents the father of a fallen soldier with a folded american flag in memory .
soldiers coming into a place of worship to carry on tradition . guards coming into a place of worship carrying flags as a sign of respect . a lone bag piper plays a haunting melody for the ceremony . soldiers fold the flag in the traditional way for presentation . the folded flag is presented in the traditional way to a family member .
a group of men in uniforms that are walking next to each other . the three officers , standing at attention are all saluting . a man plays the bagpipes in traditional scottish garb . two men in military dress uniform presenting a folded american flag to a third man , also in military dress uniform . a soldier at a funeral giving a man a folded american flag .
her graduation picture . giving a certificate to the man for his work . giving a certificate to the lady . making a speech at the graduation . getting her honorary degree .
a lady with glasses that is smiling next to a flag . two men in uniform are near four people by a podium . a female receiving a black folder from another female with people gathered around them . a woman wearing a gown is giving a speech . a man is receiving his degree from an older woman .
this is my last year as dean of this college . some photos of a recent event . talking to some of the teachers after a speech . giving a speech to the last students to graduate under my watch . shaking the valedictorian 's hand .
the woman is wearing glasses and standing in front of a flag . the man in the plaid shirt is hanging a folder to an older woman with a red suit . there are several people surrounding them casually sitting and looking elsewhere . a owmn walks on stage to get a certificate from a woman in a red suit . a man wearing a black and green gown speaks at the graduation . a man is seen congratulating a graduate with a hand shake .
she was concerned but she tried desperately not to show it . there best art teacher was retiring . no one knew yet who would replace her . when she addressed the class the made the announcement . no one wanted to see mrs. carwile retire but they were beginning to accept it was her time .
a woman wearing glasses smiles at the camera as the american flag is displayed in the background . a man receiving an award or a certificate from a group of people . several people standing outside on the pavement holding objects a woman is standing at a stand and talking . a man receiving a diploma from a scholar .
my beautiful sister and her fiancee were finally able to be married thanks to the organization organization organization . it was such a beautiful day . they 've been waiting for this moment for years . we all gathered at my aunt 's house in support of their union . it was a beautiful night and a beautiful dinner .
the group of men and women is starting to eat a nice dinner with red wine . a man stands in a kitchen holding a plate of raw meat . the man is leaning into the woman as they sit at the dinner table . two women feed food to two golden dogs . the ladies are both holding the knife wanting to cut a cake that is white in colour
today we have a family dinner . i was so happy to see everyone . my brother was going to grill the meat . hopefully he wo n't burn it . here are my loving parents . they set such a good example for me . my little sisters enjoyed feeding my dogs . cake was for dessert , our family favorite kind , chocolate !
a group of people that are enjoying food with each other . a man that is holding up a dish of meat . the couple is posing for a happy picture . the women are feeding the two gold dogs treats . two women are holding a knife about to cut into a cake .
i went to the party last night . we made a lot of delicious food . the neighbors were invited as well . the dogs were very hungry . we cut the cake at the end .
a large group enjoys a fancy dinner . the man is in the kitchen holding a plate full of raw meat . a man and woman leaning toward each other at a table with wine glasses . a group of ladies are giving treats to dogs two girls and a dog are getting ready to cut the cake .
we walked through the village and saw a hawk flying in the air . the village was covered in mud from all the rain . then we found a frog hiding in the grass . after that came to a sheep with her babies . we watched them as they ate .
the iron gate of a small palace with shrubs on the side . an outdoor shot showing a river up around leafless trees . a fallen tree trunk on a broken wood bridge . perpendicular plants are standing straight out of a muddy ground . a tall , barren tree by a flowing creek .
we left the house and headed into the swamp . we went a ways before finding a trail . we went over a small man made bridge at one point . thenit was back into the swamp . we passed by a large tree before heading back out .
an iron fence with two lamps posted on each side of it and a blue and white building in the back . large trees that are growing in a swamp this is a scene showing woods and a downed tree . a swamp with plant life growing out of it a tree with multiple limbs is beside small creek .
the city had old charm architecture . the water flowed slowly between the trees . the old walkway was loosely planted on the ground . the plants stuck out from the water . the water became swampy .
a gate that leads to a white home a grove of leafless trees stands in high water on a sunny day . an overturned tree landed on a small bridge across a shallow pond a swamp that has weeds and plants growing on it . the stream is running right through the hiking trail .
we hosted a fourth of july party at our home . i got to use my new grill . the food came out delicious . the kids got to splash around all day . by the day 's end , we were exhausted .
a flag and a plant behind a water sprinkler . an image of an older man cooking on the grill grilled chicken legs and thighs and [male] 's hard lemonade . a man and a woman watching a child swim in a small pool . adult male and child depicted in photograph in daylight .
our fourth of july barbecue was the best . dad ruled over the grill like a master . there was n't much food left at the end of the day . the kiddie pool was a perfect place to cool your feet on a hot summer day . someone had so much fun , they did n't want to go to bed after their shower .
an american flag decoration and some plants in a garden with sprinkler . the man is cooking on the grill for dinner . old time barbecued chicken on a silver platter the people have their feet in the kiddie pool . the little boy is standing beside perhaps his father looking out the window
the young boy wanted to come outside . dad plays by pretending to throw him in the pool . mom actually does dunk the boy in the kiddie pool . grand dad is working the grill . the grilled chicken went well with a cold hard lemonade .
a fountain sprays in front of a white picket fence and an american flag painted on wood an older white man is cooking food on the grill with his hat on and shorts . a [male] 's hard lemonade is sitting next to some chicken . young coupple and small boy play in kiddie pool in backyard . the man in glasses is holding a child
we made our home into a haunted house for halloween . we put a big orange sign in the front yard . we put up a big [male] meyers scarecrow in the front yard to scare everyone too . the entrance looks really creepy and scary . it was a huge set up and took over the whole slide of the house .
a happy couple dressed up take a picture together four adults dressed in poor costumes posing and drinking cheap beer . two young women are at a halloween party . a happy young couple wears afro wigs and 1970 's styled clothes . three people pose and smile in decorative costumes .
i threw a halloween party at my house yesterday . there was a huge turnout . the party was full of people . everyone was chatting with one another . i got to meet a lot of new people .
a man and woman dressed in costumes holding beer bottles . a group of friends in costume pose for a photo together . two girls dressed up at a costume party . a woman that is next to a man with an afro . two men and a woman pose in costumes .
a group photo before the halloween party she really like her bumblebee outfit everyone is dressed up for the halloween sitting on the stairs and deciding what to do later tonight she does not like his hat , but they look nice in this photo
this image is of a couple standing together in costume . four friends attend a halloween party in costume . cute girls pose at a halloween party the couple pose in their afros before a 1970 's themed event . a group of people wearing costumes posing for the camera .
love this style of french location . very cool designs are so comfortable and inviting . i do n't like traffic circles much though . these look creepy in black and white though . is n't this just the greatest ? i could live here forever .
a building with an ornate roof edge is lit up for people standing by a traffic light . a couple shares a first date at a small park . a green and white building lit up in the night . the building is all lit up with lights and the people are outside . the sun setting behind the tower of the building
[female] recently took her family on a vacation . she felt that they needed to get away . they went to visit her parents at their mansion for a little while , but left because she did n't get along with her mother very well . she then checked the family into a hotel for the night . they woke up early and traveled all day and ended up in a different hotel the next night . in the morning they got up early and drove to their destination . they visited a friend in a small town and they had the time of their lives .
the old stone building is illuminated in bright green light . rows of blue-green lights loop around a frame in an apparent courtyard . a building that is painted white and beige with lights a crowd is assembled on the steps of a large building . tourists outside in plaza at sunset near building with tall clock tower .
a green light gives the building an eerie look . the light sculpture adds color to the night . a ornate hotel lit up at night . the hotel across the street lit up for the night . the sunset means night is coming soon to the town .
the two story building reminded of spanish revival a spiral tree in a garden is lit with blue lights . a brightly lit green and white french styled building at night a large group of people gathering at night . some people have gathered around the town square .
i took a trip with my camper in tow . my kid had a great time . i took some pictures . and then i took even more pictures . then we drove off .
a vehicle that is planted on the ground . a child walking down a large hill of snow . an older man is taking outdoor pictures with a large camera . a old man taking proffesional picture in the desert . road tripping through the mountains with a rv and mountain bikes in tow .
i took the family in my trailer for a year of adventure . we plan on driving all over the country to see what we can see . i made sure to bring all of my camera equipment so that we can take plenty of pictures . it 's going to be so much fun and i want to be sure to capture every moment . we are going to have a great time .
the back of a silver trailer hooked to a gray truck the girl in the blue cap and red sweater is snowboarding with abandon . a gray haired man shows off hi very large lens in the desert . a man in a sandy area taking a picture with a professional camera a silver camper is parked in front of a mountain .
dan wanted to take his daughter to the desert she had such a fun time going down the hills dan took lots and lots pictures he was loving the scenery around and they headed back home
the truck has an rv connected to it . a young person with a hat snowboarding down a slope a man is holding a camera with sand in the background . a elderly man taking a picture in the desert . silver camper being pulled behind a vehicle at daytime .
everyone is lined up . they are being visited by high-level officials . they are giving them a new mission and evaluating the troops . the troops are concerned . however , the officials are happy with what they 've seen .
a group of soldiers lined up in front of a building . a platoon standing at attention for their superiors . a man looks through a manila folder as members of tactical team stand in line . a close up of the faces of multiple soldiers wearing their uniforms and helmets . three older army officials sitting down and listening .
troops are lined up and ready for action . the officers are making a quick run through to see if all are together . the headman is going over paper work of plans made . the men are serious and are waiting for instruction on what to do next . the men in charge are conversing about where to place these troops for help .
military personnel in military gear standing in-front of a building in-front of city ruins . three men in uniform saluting while walking past others in uniform . a man handing out information to military troops . two soldiers from a line are distracted by the photographer . a trio of veteran soldiers has an informal get-together .
we all had to get ready at work today because the boss was coming to check in . we all saluted him as he walked by . there were a lot of questions being asked . we had to stand for a very long time while they had conversations inside the building . i really hope they finish up soon .
a row of soldiers in helmets in front of a desert structure . a couple of army people saluting other officers . the man wearing sunglasses is checking files as he walks down the line of men in helmets . a group of men that are wearing their outfits . three soldiers sitting at a meeting talking and eating
our sports gathering party was a lot of fun . we had silly photo ops with silly characters . the sororities were out to recruit new people . there were snacks and drinks for the kids . a group photo shows what fun we all had .
a group of people in black shirts sitting in front of a skull jumpy room . a photographer taking pictures of men dressed up in pirate costumes young men in the [location] [location] [location] fraternity wear yellow and black letter shirts at a recruiting table on the lawn near a large sidewalk . family gathering having a meal and drinks outside the group of girls all posed for a picture
our group posed in front of the bounce house at the school 's yearly charity fair . we had a place where people could get their photo taken dressed in historical clothing . our fraternity set up an informational table for prospective members to ask questions . another group had an activities table for the small children . i was pound of the entire team that worked so hard to make the day a success .
an organized group of college-aged kids sit in front of a bounce house . pirate characters posing for photo in outdoor grassy area . a group of fraternity members are sitting behind a table . a group of people are having a party with kids . a large group of women pose for a picture on the grass .
it 's organization organization organization organization dance team . a pirate bouncy house for the children . the students get into the pirate theme . a fraternity gets ready for fun day at the college . the balloon artist has arrived , let the fun begin .
young men and women sit in front of a scary object . they stood in front of the backdrop for a silly photo members of the [location] [location] [location] fraternity of york college at an event table both grown ups and children sitting around a table a large group of women are posing and smiling together on grass .
the baby was so happy to spend time with extended family . we all gathered around the local pool for some summer fun . the water was cold , and the kids stayed in the shallow end of the pool . after a long day of swimming , it was time to dry off and get ready to go home . we spotted this american flag at the entrance to the pool .
the baby with no hair is smiling at the camera . the boy infront is wearing a white t shirt and red short the kiddie pool was more fun than the adults this boy seems to be listening to someone carefully ; he is wearing sunglasses and a white t-shirt . a large american flag waves in the blue sky
it was that time of year again , independence day , and even the baby was happy ! the kids were ready to enjoy themselves at the pool with their friends . all their friends , as the pool became very crowded . [male] decided he had enough of the crowd and put on his shades and relaxed with us ... as we watched old glory fly on her birthday .
a baby looking at the camera with mouth open smiling . the children are gathering , as they are getting ready to enter the pool . a couple of kids are in a small pool a cute little boy with sunglasses on poses for a picture . a view from the ground of the american flag on a pole .
[male] is born as a happy young and healthy boy . soon he grows up and attends a class to learn to swim . at the pool he meets some friends and they are given pool safety instructions . [male] relaxes at home knowing he had a great day . just another great 4th of july day in location for [male] .
a bald headed baby laughs while lying on a quilt . a little boy faces the camera all wet . several children cooling off in the pool on a hot day . a young boy wearing sunglasses while looking at the camera . a red , white and blue flag waves high on a pole above the ground .
today i started my new job at the mission . we have activity rooms for people . there is a lot of paper work to do each day . we have rooms for those who need them . it does n't look like much from the outside .
long narrow stairway that goes up each side of the building . an unoccupied room with 5 chairs , a table and shelves . two old filing cabinets with junk scattered about . a hallway with blue carpet and railings along the wall . a white door in a dark brick wall , with white writing on the street in front of the door .
i was wandering this building yesterday looking for a way out . i went up the stairs thinking i was below ground . but i just found myself in a lobby . i went back to see if i missed something . but then i found myself in a small office closet . i left the office to find the exit and i checked as many doors as i could find . eventually i came to a white door at the end of the hallway and it turns out that was the exit .
a black staircase going uo among yellow walls . several empty chairs fill a waiting room with bare walls . old filing cabinet and drawers in an office a long hallway with blue carpet and pale walls . an old and moldy building made of red bricks .
this is where i rented my new office space . it 's so exciting . does n't it look fancy ? well inside the rooms it is n't so fancy but it gets the job done ! here is the waiting area . here are my filing cabinets . i really need to get organized . here 's the hallway of the office . i only rented out one room , by the way . the outside of the building is kind of drab but it 's a start and i 'm so happy to have my own office space !
a stair case in the middle of a room that splits blue chairs are lined in the waiting room . a filing cabinet is next to piping on a wall empty building hallway with blue carpeting and well lit . a door that is white in the middle of a stone wall
here to watch the game and scream to support my team . the 1st dunk of the game , looking good . the band is playing their little hearts out . shaking hands is a big part of the game . the cheerleaders are really pretty girls .
a boy and a girl wearing winter clothes smile for the camera a young man standing on his mothers lap . the girl in the center wears a red shirt and a scarf . a man is doing a slam dunk in a stadium band playing horns in mostly red shirts with green wall in background .
the basketball game was a lot of fun yesterday . i brought the entire family with me . we all had a great time . the mascot was very entertaining . the band also played music for everyone .
a couple is taking a picture together , as the sit on the bleachers . a woman in a red sweatshirt is seated , with a young boy in a blue shirt and baseball cap standing on her lap . three young women are sitting on the bleachers . a basketball player and a mascot are on the court the chinnawouk brass band plays on the bleachers at the local high school , and makes a lot of noise with all the horns .
it seemed that everyone had come to see [male] perform for the halftime show , including [male] and [female] . and , their little brother and mother ! and , the mean girls of chestnut night school even came out to support [male] . and , then he took of , leaping over the cardinal mascot and slammed the ball home . and , the band celebrated certain victory for [male] in the slam dunk contest !
two friends sit down and smile for the camera . the woman in red is holding the little boy . three young women wearing [organization] [organization] [organization] attire sitting in bleachers . athlete hanging onto basket above costumed character in gymnasium . the high school band practicing for the nex big game
the venue was decorated well for the wedding reception . the friends of the bride posed to a picture as they arrived . the groom 's family arrived together . people became impatient as the caterer was behind in serving the food . guests passed the time waiting by socializing .
table decorated with rose petals with a large ice sculpture in the center . they are all gathered around the girl in the communion dress . a family poses together for a portrait after a wedding . the dinner table was full of drinks but no food . young women pose while in attendance at indoor event .
[male] picked out the best ice sculpture of the wedding . even the friends of [male] showed up after nearly a decade . the boys ducked in front of the girls for a nice picture . thankfully no glasses got broken that night . the guests looked very happy before they left the wedding .
a table with some lights and food on it people wearing fancy clothes are posing together for pictures many people are dressed in fancy clothes about to take a picture together . a group of women seated at a dinner table at a large restaraunt two asian women pose for a picture in a dimly lit ballroom at a reception .
the wedding i went to last weekend was beautiful . there were many friends and family there . we all took some group photos together . the place was decorated for the event . i had a great time there .
an ice sculpture on a table with cakes in a hallway a group of ladies in a ballroom environment a group of asian people in formal clothing posing for a photo . several young girls sitting at a table during a large event . two women posing for a picture at an event .
at the kids soccer camp , they practiced kicking the balls . they played on teams to try to add some competition . there were boys of all ages on the field , competing for the win . hustling around , the boys tried their best to make a goal . careful attention was paid to the soccer ball to make sure it was kept in control .
at a soccer game , let 's see how he does . two soccer players fight for possession of the ball a soccer player in a green and white striped uniform and a player in a red and black uniform are battling to win the soccer ball during a match . the boy in red just head butted the soccer ball . two boys playing soccer on a summer day .
the goal kicked the ball . it was back in play . the boys fought for it . one of them ended stealing it . he heads for the goalie .
the young boy is playing soccer and is about to land a big kick on the ball . two children vie for control of a soccer ball . the boys are playing with the soccer ball . young kids playing soccer in the field during game a group of boys are playing a game of soccer .
the yellow shirt lines up the ball for a goal . the green and white shirt chases the red shirt for the ball . two players battle it out for the ball . the red shirt is intent on getting the ball back . the green and white shirt tries to block the goal .
a young kid gets ready to kick the soccer ball . too young soccer players contesting over a ball during game two young men kicking for the ball in a soccer game . two boys from opposing teams eye a soccer ball at a game . two boys from opposing teams are on the soccer field .
[male] arrived with the salmon and steaks . he got right to work on grilling everything just right . the kids sat in the driveway slurping icees and playing games . [female] decide to be a little frisky for the camera . [male] seemed to have gotten into the ice cream , a fact which he solemnly denied .
two men talk next to a barbecue grill on a lawn . a man is standing in front of a grill making something to eat . a group of children are sitting on a driveway . a woman is helping one of the younger toddlers , and two of them are eating popsicles . a little girl sticks out her tongue and wrinkles her nose . a child with evidence of drinking milk on his chin .
picnic day with the family , this is gon na be fun . here i am grilling these kids up some hot dogs . the kids are so well behaved , patiently waiting for the food . well , some of them are well behaved lol . he 's too cute , he loves my cooking .
two adult men talking in front of their homes . a man is standing at a grill in a striped shirt . a group of children sitting outside eating popsicles . the dark eyed , little girl is full of mischief this sunny day . a young boy with dimples has milk on his face .
[female] smiles at me before the party began . the daddies had a little discussion before the party . [female] makes a silly face for the camera . [male] holds his baby so she can see the activity . the children waited with excitement for the singers to arrive .
the men are talking over by the grill . the man is cooking food on the grill in his yard . many kids are sitting on the ground outside while a woman is helping a child . young girl sticking her tongue out at the camera a young boy with a milk moustache stands outside .
the groom waits for his bride . father walking his daughter down the aisle . happy couple kiss after the ceremony . a picture of the bride and groom with his parents . a lasting memory of the happy couple .
great picture with the lake behind and the trees . a man and a woman in formal wedding attire . a couple hugging while the lady holds a lot of roses on her hands . two couples are standing by a lake near trees . 2 adults and 5 children dressed in suits and ties
the groom waits impatiently for his bride . the brides father is walking her down the aisle to be married . a big hug and kiss for the newly married couple . the couple have chosen their best friends for the wedding party . of course , the children of the family want to be in the wedding .
a man that is dressed in a suit next to the lake . a bride and groom are walking down a sidewalk together . a bride and groom hugging outside on a grassy lawn . the bride and groom are dressed up with their wedding party . a family poses together in front of a lake
the groom waits for his bride . the dad has an important job walking his daughter down the isle . a big hug during the ceremony . here is the bride and groom with their best man and the maid of honor . a new family portrait to remember the big day .
a man in a suit is looking off to the side in front of water . a man escorts his daughter down the isle on her wedding day . a bride and groom are hugging while standing outside . a bride and groom and their best man and maid of honor stand posing for the camera . a group of people standing by the water dressed up .
the food is ready and smelling so good . even the table decor is looking great . lets have some wine with this dinner to loosen everyone up . everyone is eating , drinking and enjoying themselves at dinner . someone had a little too much wine tonight .
a counter filled with many different thanksgiving dishes man scooping food on to his plate near others . a lady in an apron fills a glass of wine at a table . several people sitting at a white covered table with candles on top . smiling woman on her knees in front of a christmas tree box .
christmas was awesome with the family . dad filled his plate . mom poured wine . we all ate and talked . emmy loved her presents !
a buffet of holiday foods is laid out on a kitchen counter . this appears to be a thanksgiving meal , because [location] , stuffing , green beans , gravy , and sweet potato casserole are visible . a man is standing at a table putting food on his plate a woman is pouring wine at a dinner table . a family is sitting down for dinner and passing a basket of rolls . a woman sits on the floor pointing at a tree box .
we got the family together for christmas dinner . all the food was laid out . the family made their plates . mom filled up the wine glasses . it was nice catching up . we then opened presents .
piles of dishes and casseroles and a turkey are laid on the kitchen island for people to serve from . a man is putting sauce on food at a table . a women in an apron is pouring more wine into the glass . a family gathered together at the dinner table . she points to the boxed artificial christmas tree .
today we took a boat trip to visit location . we started the day off in town with some hot cocoa . it was dark and rich . after cocoa , we went to get some breakfast at the diner in town.they had old time food there . on the way back to the bus stop we came across a little concert . it was really nice to hear music on the street . we went back the the station and said good bye to location . we enjoyed the whole day .
a man is taking a picture of someone else on the ferry boat . a circle object that is used to rescue people . the bridge of a white ship with many windows . the window of a business with the sign [organization] [organization] in graphics on it . a woman is cooking on the stove in a kitchen .
it was too cold to be out on the deck . but they did n't care , they wanted to watch the town disappear . they could see the captain at the stern . they were waiting on the streamliner diner to open . one of their friends worked there .
a man wearing a yellow jacket taking a picture of another man wearing a dark jacket standing by the water an orange life preserver ring is attached to the green railing . a sparsely cloudy sky hangs over a fancy white ship . a sign for a diner is plastered on a window front short order cooks scramble to cook food for customers .
getting to [male] 's favorite diner was not easy . it involved a boat ride down the river . [male] 's brother had a boat , though , so that made it a little better . when [male] and his brother saw the sign for the diner at the dock , they were elated ! they ordered their favorites , sitting at the bar , and watched the chef cook them up excitedly .
a passenger is having his photo taken by another passenger . a orange life saver attached to the green boat rails . view of the captains nest on a large shit against a son a diner that is advertising the business near the street . colorful plates in front of two people in a stainless steel kitchen .
the group of people arrived to have lunch before the settlement re-enactment . then they all enjoyed desert . outside there was people dressed like settlers . there was a sketch artist to make drawings for the kids . after that everyone went on a small hike .
this is a picture from our church bingo night seated blonde girl in white sweater eating food on a plate people standing near a fire burned by wood with some wearing hats . an elderly man that is next to the two children . hikers of all ages are walking along a hillside trail in the dead of winter .
the family decided to have some lunch before beginning their fun for the day . the young daughter especially enjoyed her breakfast . the family then went out to enjoy the reenactments of the colonial days . the children had an especially good time with a particular gentleman . afterwards they all went out for a hike and enjoyed the nature around them .
people sitting at different tables with some people standing in the background . a young girl with a satisfied smile as she eats some strawberry crepes . a group of colonial reenactors in costume speak to tourists . elderly man sits playing musical instrument with several children looking on . the people are walking through very dry woods .
we all gathered for lunch , before our exciting day . the strawberries , was a little to sour . we loved taking a trip back in time , to learn the native culture . it was a great learning experience , especially for the kids . the trails was just beautiful .
group of older people gathered for bingo night in hall a girl sitting at a table eating pancakes with fruit a group of historical reenactors torment tourists who had hoped to have a fun vacation . a man sitting at a table outside with children standing around . a line of people walking through the woods
these beekeepers are busily working there hives . they are checking the progress of the bees today making delicious honey . this beekeeper shows us one of the honeycombs the bees are filling up . the bees donâ€™t pay us any mind as they go about their work . they come back periodically to deposit their nectar .
many beekeepers are looking at the bee hives three people standing around a large amount of honey bees a man in a beekeepers uniform holds a honey comb a honeycomb with a large number of bees on it . a bunch of bees are flying and resting on a wooden box .
[male] is a bee keeper . he collected 5000 bees with his two sons . they have a thriving honey operation . their bees produce top quality honey . they have their bee keeper friends over often to keep bees .
a group of people that are working near the boxes . three people protective clothing around a beehive . a man wearing a white cover all and holding a bee hive which has bees on it . a bunch of bees swarm over a hive a close up shot of small bees exiting their home .
the beekeepers all gathered around the bees . they took them out of their hive . the bees all clung to the honeycomb sheets . there were so many of them ! some bees flew away but the beekeepers did not worry because they knew they would always come back home .
a group of people wearing beekeeper suits on a lawn . the man is trying to get the honey bees out of the trap a man shows off his honey bee hive . honey bees are on the hive where they live and work . many bees swarming around a wooden bee hive
here we are gathering to go into the reception . smiling for a quick photo before we go in . nothing like great food and conversation to make the reception go by faster . bride and groom taking their twirl on the dance floor . making everlasting memories . hey , getting bored around here . time to living things up by blowing up a few balloons . just need to be goofy sometimes . people are taking things a little too seriously .
a young lady wearing a white dress and flowers is smiling for a photo . two older ladies are seated on couches while two like-dressed little girls stand before them . the bride and groom held each other and smiled a group of people are standing in front of a brick building a bride dancing at her reception with a man .
my sister was a beautiful bride in her dress . before the wedding , they showed pictures of when she was young . it showed our mother , grandmother , my sister , and i . she was incredibly happy with her husband . after their vows , we were all one big family . they had their first dance as a couple after taking pictures with people outside .
a bride poses in front of a window , holding a bouquet of flowers . the two little girls are dressed in the same color dresses . a well-dressed couple pose for the picture complete with a bouquet of flowers . a photo of a bride and groom with friends and family . a couple is dancing inside of a building with guitars on the walls .
she wore flowers in her hair . her two nieces served as flower girls . she was very happy to have gotten married . her family was too poor to afford much of a wedding . but the couple did n't care because they were in love .
a woman is dressed in a bridal gown and has a tiara of white flowers in her hair . two young girls in red dresses stand with adults in the background . the man and the woman just got married . a group of people standing together for a wedding photo . the bride and groom are dancing as a woman films them .
the day is finally here the streets are packed with runners the music helps to entertain all in attenadance we are welcomes to the start of the race let games begin
a race number from the [male] weinhard 's st. [male] day dash is on display under a banner of the official logo . people are participating in a st. [male] 's day dash . a band of people , wearing scottish kilts are playing their instruments in the street . a group of people are in front of a crowd a group of musicians playing on stage , featuring an accordion and violin and guitar .
today i 'm running in the st. [male] 's day dash . i got this t-shirt and number . first we listened to the band . it was pretty cool running altogether in the tunnel . even though the weather was not that great , the run was awesome .
a shirt and running number for the st. [male] 's day dash . a large crowd of people walking in the street on [location] [location] 's day . a band is marching down the street . a [organization] [organization] 's day festival under a car toys tent . four men playing their musical instruments under a tent .
participating in the st. [male] 's day dash run . [male] weinhard 's st. [male] day dash running number . the race is about to start the live band is playing . the runners are running through the tunnel . and now the runners are running through the bridge .
the st. [male] 's day dash is ready to begin as the shirt with a runner 's number is displayed . the crowds of people are walking through the street for the st patricks day dash . a small parade with drummers marching down the street . a saint [male] 's day celebration is being held in a city . 4 men on stage playing instruments at an event .
hi , kids ! here 's the hotel we stayed at ! your father had a big nice breakfast ! and i sure did , as well ! i mean , look at the size of that omlet ! we decided to bring you back some cookies . see you soon !
a picture of the outside of a popular hotel a gentleman poses for a pictures with his inordinately large breakfast including meat , potatoes , eggs , and biscuits with gravy . the lady is siting at the head of the table in the hotel . a table is full of plates of foods and overturned mugs . cookies and coffee from the [location] [location] [location] .
here is the room that we stayed in for vacation . relaxing before a long fun filled day of walking and shopping . breakfast at the hotel restaurant will provide a boost for the day . she is having her daily eggs and pancakes before she heads out . the outside on the hotel that we stayed at during our vacation .
this image is of the lobby of a hotel . an older gentleman getting ready to eat breakfast . a woman sitting in front of a table full of food assortment of breakfast items served at table in restaurant . a cup of coffee and a few cookies at a hotel .
i went to visit my grandparents today . my grandpa just turned 91 ! my grandma is a bit younger , she 's 68 ! when i arrived , there was breakfast already waiting for me . my grandma even baked me cookies for my stay !
an office building is located in front of a set of apartments . a man with glasses that is eating on the table . a woman sitting in front of a table with a large breakfast displayed . a breakfast array includes an omelet and a bowl of fruit . two cookies and a cup of coffee to snack and drink on
a group of coworkers decided they wanted to have a party . they bought some fancy wine glasses for the occasion , and drank from those fancy wine glasses . they had lots of good food , and even some good entertainment .
the people sitting on the chairs are laughing and clapping . a saxophone player is jamming at a small party . two women laughing with a man while drinking . two men converse over champagne in a city flat . people gathered around a banquet table eating food
everyone listening to the boss talk before they christmas party we even had a live sax player ! everyone getting a little tipsy on champaign always so serious we had a grand christmas party feast
a group of people are sitting in a large room . a man playing an instrument while people sit down and eat . a man and two women smiling holding a glass of wine . the two men are holding flute type glasses . a bunch of gay men have apot luck together
this is a speed dating meetup . here , the daters mingle during social hour with live musical entertainment . here is a close-up view of the daters chatting with each other with champagne flutes in their hands . here , two speed daters ( not dating each other ! ) discuss their thoughts on the meetup . this is a to-go table full of snacks for the speed daters to pick up on their way out , provided as a thank you for coming .
a room full of people sit in chairs and talk amongst each other . a man is standing next to electronic controls playing a saxophone to people in the room . men and women drinking champagne stand around talking and laughing . two men are holding glasses of champagne in their hands . five men are in line at a buffet full of food .
a traveler visited location and took in the classic sights of the city . the view of mt . organization outside location was beautifully captured by the visitor . then a visit to the organization organization organization continued the quintessential sight-seeing tour . a wall covered with bubblegum showed the quirky character of the area . a visit to organization completed the all-around location experience .
a side aerial view of a city with a tower standing taller than the other buildings . [female] white snow covers the majestic mountain top people gathered at a farmer 's marker on the street . a finger is pointing at a wall full of different colors . people on the sidewalk in front of a [organization] .
they felt awe and gratitude looking at the mountain . although it was a grey day , they still had fun exploring the city . the market bustled with all kinds of people . they took a photo at a textured gum wall . then they bought some oranges and made fresh-squeezed orange juice back at the hotel .
a shot of the city of [location] with a cloudy skyline . a beautiful snow covered mountain top and a blue sky . several people are at a public market with several buildings . a person wearing a black coat is pointing to something on the wall the city was packed and the crowd was always big at starbucks .
we arrived in location and immediately were overwhelmed by location . we climbed to the nearest peak and decided on our plan . we decided to head toward the market ... we took pictures , ate , and enjoyed ourselves ... and , then it was time to stock up on supplies -- i wanted oranges -- for the trip .
this is a usual picture taken in [location] , the sun never comes out a large mountain that is covered with snow and fog is above a town center with many persons and cars nearby a finger is pointed towards a littered ground . the people are coming out onto the sidewalk
the group of people were excited for their first family reunion . traveling all the way from location , the adams family were extremely delightful to visit . [female] and [female] found it hard to believe that their grandchildren were growing up . the smith 's family proposed the idea of the reunion and requested to meet up in their hometown . even the [male] family were excited to find out the news .
a huge group is outside posing for a portrait . a group of people wearing dark colors pose together for a casual picture at a golf course . two elderly ladies in suits posing in front of a fence . a small group of people posing outside in front of a chain link fence . family poses in front of fence and parking lot .
we got the whole family together to take a large family photo . all the sons and daughters got together for a photo . mom even got together with her sister for a photo . so many of us took a picture of this , they did n't know where to look . we also got the grand kids to take a few pictures as well for the photo album . finally we also got the immediate family members together to take pictures .
the large professional group is posing for the function photo . dressed up people are posing for a picture outside . these two elderly ladies are posing in a park . a group of six people , five women and one man , standing with arms around each other a family photo taken outside near a fence .
lots of family members came from far and wide to attend the reunion . the entire family has not seen each other in many years . brothers and sisters who do n't always see each other very often were reunited . the two oldest surviving sisters were ecstatic to see each other . many younger members of the family also came to the reunion .
a photo of a very large group of people posing for a photo . family dressed in dark colors posing together outdoors for a photo . two older women are in front of an outside fence looking left . a group of five women and a man pose outside . two men and two women are posing in front of a chain-link fence near a willow tree .
we were asked to join in the local parade in location . they gave us some robes we could wear and keep . as we prepared , the streets filled up with people . we chatted and got to know each other as we waited for it to start . our role was to carry a palanquin through the streets . afterwards , we celebrated with some drinks and watched the rest of the parade .
three men dressed in matching robes outside a group of chinese people dressed in grey watches a performance . three men standing together in a crowd with black and white shirts many men carry a large chinese ornament . five men sitting around an outdoor table with cans of beer .
people crowded around to watch the parade . one float in particular , caught everyone 's attention . they ran over to it to see what was going on and to take pictures . it got so bad that people had to start pushing others out of the way just to get a look at it .
three men wear traditional garb at a celebration . asian people are wearing grey martial arts clothes and standing in front of a puppet show area . three men pose together in matching striped robes . an asian parade where people are carrying a traditional piece . a group of people that are sitting next to each other .
i had a great time on vacation last year . i went to see a festival in the street . there were many performers . they were all carrying some sort of structure . it was very impressive .
the men are wearing jackets at the asian themed event . a big group of people walk around the market . the three young men are wearing robes with asian writing . a group of individuals are carrying a float in the street . group of men sitting at a table drinking .
we went to a halloween party this year . there were a lot of amazing costumes . some of them looked really funny . some of them were a little scary too . my costume was a common one that really fit my personality .
young man dressed up in a ninja costume with a sword . a woman that is playing in front of the television . the man holds a sword and a balloon a costumed man and woman are engaged in a fake sword fight in a dining room . a woman is dressed up for a beauty pageant .
i was on a mission last weekend to rescue the princess . i had to seek out a source that had vital intel on the whereabouts of the princess . on the way i met some resistance . but i was able to take down all of my opponents . i found the princess in the end and she was very glad i rescued her .
a man dressed as a ninja wields a fake sword . and man and a woman have a conversation in their home . goofy man with viking outfit and balloons on horns with a sword in hand . people in costumes holding swords in a house . a woman poses in the kitchen while wearing her crown and sash from a competition .
ahh halloween , first we sent the kids out with grandma . then the real fun began . my wife and i had a fun sword fight . my brother was making a weird alcoholic brew . and my wife 's brother was doing smoke tricks in the kitchen . what a fun and crazy halloween party we had .
a guy dressed in a ninja outfit standing in his mother 's living room trying to look tough while another person takes his picture while capturing another boy in the background . a woman is playing a video game . the man is proud of his goofy hat . two people dressed in costumes are sword fighting . dark haired woman wearing a tiara and a sash with her arms crossed .
they decided to take the kids for their first fireworks show on july 4th . the colors were very bright . he enjoyed them very much , even with his ear protectors on . the show was coming to an end . it was a great display , and even the baby was happy they went .
a young boy wearing headphones held by a woman the firework show had colorful red and yellow displays . boy in shirt wearing noise cancelling ear phones . fireworks are going off outside in the sky at night . a baby with a blue helmet is sitting in a car seat .
i absolutely hate the 4th of july . every year we have to sit and watch these ugly , loud sparks in the sky . the kids seem to love it so i give in and take them to see them even though i do n't want to . i 've never understood the point . i 'm glad it 's over and there 's a whole year before i have to do it again .
this baby had noise reduction earphones on the 4th of july . the fireworks shine bright in the sky with orange and purple . a small boy smiles while he wears a big pair of red headphones . the dark night sky is full of light from fireworks , and their colors are red , with little accents of blue and white . a small child wearing a blue helmet rides in a carseat holding a pacifier in its mouth
the family took the baby to his first fireworks show . there were many amazing colors . it was baby 's big brother 's fifth time going , they have been taking him since he was a smaller child as well . more pretty colors and shapes . it 's safe to say baby enjoyed himself .
a young boy is sitting with his mother wearing the same shirt and has headphones on . orange , white and purple fireworks exploding in the sky . a small boy is wearing large red headphones on his ears . the red flowing of the firecracker is in an array the baby is sitting in the chair and smiling
my friends and i threw an awesome toga party last night . loud music , cool glasses to a lot more in between . it was a good time had by all . my closest friends were able to make it out . i was trying to be serious in some of the photos , but i busted out laughing afterwards . my friends sure are a crazy bunch , but i would n't have it any other way .
men dressed in ancient roman attire with the exception of the sunglasses . some people at the toga party were really dressed for the part a man eating grapes out of a women 's hand . two women pose , one with vinery on her head and a glass of wine in her hand . two people wearing white costumes and holding drinks seems happy .
we are acting like romans . the wine from the vine is going down fine . this bite is a all about the grapes ! check out my headband . whoa ! they look like royalty and seem to enjoy it .
this image is of 2 men dressed up in costumes . the man and women are dressed like ancient greeks man and woman dressed in roman clothes in a room . the two woman are dressed up to for the costume party . a woman and a man stand together in togas .
[female] always throws the best parties . this is the glass she always uses at her parties . this year 's theme was a toga party . she picked a colorful toga . as usual , the crazy party antics ensued .
two gentlemen dressed in arabic apparel posing for a picture . couple of people posing for a picture at a costume party . a man and woman dressed in greek costumes . two women dressed as greeks on a couch . a man and a woman are dressed in the roman fashion and the man has leaves behind his ears .
the parents and kids relax a bit for their visit to the day camp . this father explains how the new toy works to his intrigued son . this young lady gets some help from her dad assembling her birdhouse . these boys show off their creations with pride in their handiwork . many crafts projects , such as this one were available for the kids to enjoy .
people are seated at a bench under a tree a group of people working on wood projects outside . a man and child are hammering a wooden board 2 redheaded boys at camp showing off the bird houses they made a nature table with many children surrounding it .
arts and crafts in the park . what better way to spend a saturday afternoon with the kids ? today is an eco-friendly theme . we 're making bird habitats to encourage small birds to breed in the area . maisie is becoming really quite good with the hammer here . perhaps we 've got a budding carpenter in our midst . watch your fingers [male] ! the finished article and the twins are super proud of their work . let 's get these nailed up in the trees . time to pack up and leave . a fun day was had by all . we 'll be back !
a woman speaks to a group of people on park bench in the park . a young boy seated and playing a game with his father a little girl learns how to use a hammer and other tools . two boys show off their birdhouses proudly out in a park . a large group of children standing around a table
lots of kids came to the craft fair . there was lots for everyone to do . and each kid had lots of fun . there was even woodworking that some adults found fun to do . there was so much to do but not enough time to do it all .
a family sits at a picnic table at a park a man puts together a box while a child helps and a woman watches in a park . a man holding up a piece of wood for a young girl to hammer two boys holding bird nests in a park that they have made and are in the park showing them off . a group of children and adults around a picnic table .
these were some pics i took july 4th weekend . [male] is ready to go ! these were the ribs my husband cooks . so good . the scenery was pretty . i really loved the flowers . there 's the people going to shoot off the fireworks . they were so beautiful . i 'm so glad we went .
a dog is in the back of a car looking ahead . a stack of pork ribs being bbq 'd on an open grill the flowers grow near the tree and the fence multiple boats are in a body of water during a foggy day . an explosion of fireworks is taking place in the night sky .
i took my dog out for a trip last week . i brought some ribs for the barbecue . the parks that we stopped by were very beautiful . when we got further north it began to snow . at night there was a huge fireworks show that we got to see .
a dog is sitting in the backseat of a car . barbecue ribs on the grill the smoke from grill flowers of many different colors surround a tree . a boat is in the water with many other boats in the distance . fireworks are going off big in the night sky .
here we are getting ready for our 4th of july trip . we decided to barbque here is the goods . here is a picture of the campsite when we went on a walk . i was able to get a picture of the fireworks boat . the end of the day fireworks we had a great day .
a large tan dog riding in a car . a closeup photo of bbq ribs on a grill . a tree trunk with flowers surrounded it . blue water with several boats on top in front of blue tinted land . a beautiful fireworks being seen on a clear sky
i rode my bicycle to comic con . the crowd was heavy . i saw a few characters walking through the crowd too . i followed them to their display area . we stayed there until the sun started going down .
a crowded gathering in a city center in an asian country . a pink and a blue cartoon character stand with heir backs to a crowd . the girl in the pink is performing a salute . a bike rack that has bikes for rental , with hello kitty on the back wheel . a man poses with four young ladies dressed in pink and blue wigs .
people rode their bikes to the festival . it was very crowded . there were characters and people in costumes . they posed for the fans . the festival continued into the evening .
a large group of people gathered to watch characters on a stage . a festival with people in costumes and cosplay . two girls are holding hands with a mascot . a red bike is parked at the parking location . man in picture surrounded by four lovely young ladies in costume .
the tour de location is the most popular sporting event in the world . crowds flock to the streets to wave at the riders . these folks have wisely stepped back to allow the super fast bikers to pedal their way across the finish line . suki , [female] , and [female] salute their favorite rider , speed racer . here he comes now ! whew , speed . now you can park that bike and receive the honors you have earned . winner of the [female] poster collection and khaki pants ... speed racer ! what a man .
people are congregating in a square , all peering in the same direction . the girls are dressed in character costmumes to start in a parade two young women hold hands with a costumed character . a bike rack holds a row of several bicycles . an asian man taking a picture with four colorful women .
i finally arrived at zuni ! i stayed there all the way until it was night time . when it was dark , i wanted to explore the city . unfortunately , it was extremely empty for some reason . i ended up getting a drink at a local cafe .
going through a long stretch of road while traveling . monument in the desert about pueblo of zuni . a sign which warns people not to take photographs . a tie sign has two street lamps behind it . a picture showing [male] 's [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] , most likely a restaurant , in the middle of the night .
we were on a road trip . we stopped by the pueblo . then we went to zuni . we snapped a pic of this . after a long time of driving we had to stop at a cafe to get something to eat .
the road ahead is extremely straight with clouds on the horizon . large wood framed sign that says pueblo of zuni . we finally arrived at our destination after many hours of traveling . we were only allowed to take a photo of this sign . large tiled sign that says gallup 1881 with lighted trees behind it . a bright neon sign for mexican food lights up the night .
a group of friends decided to take a road trip through location location . they stopped in a town called location . it was n't very lively out , despite being friday night . they walked around looking for a place to eat . they finally found an open cafe and had some mexican-american grub .
a stretch of road in a wide open area , with trees and grass on both sides a large wooden sign posted into the ground a welcome sign sits amid weeds while structures stand in the background . the large piece of tile shows the special memorial a neon sign lit up for a mexican american food cafe .
i went for a walk downtown earlier . i saw a motorcycle with three wheels . some of the garbage cans were broken . the church had beautiful stained glass windows . afterward i finally arrived back at my apartment .
tall yellow painted metal structure against a bright blue sky a man in helmet rides a motorcycle with three wheels . a black and white image of a metal grated trash can sitting on a brick sidewalk a stained glass window is in the pattern of a flower . an old building with a brick chimney in marginal shape , with a crow perched on top .
my photo-taking journey around the city started with this lovely scaffolding under a deep blue sky . this lovely gentleman on this tri-ped breezed past me . the beautiful trashcan gave me inspriation as contrasta gainst the grey street stripes . the stained glass i saw later on reminded me of old englande . and near the end , this chimney swept my heart away in atmospheric ruminations .
a bridge is primarily yellow during the day a man riding a modified motorcycle down the street . a bent out trash container on a city sidewalk . a stained glass window with a floral design . a black bird is standing on top of a brick structure
it was a great day for a cook out . the family were enjoying themselves . uncle [male] provide the entertainment . we fired up the grill and had some cold beer .
the bars of the structure are yellow and the sky is extremely clear . a man is driving a large motorcycle in the street a wire black waste basket is outside on the patio . a section of a stained glass window displaying a blue oval with a white stripe detailed with plant like shapes . one lonely bird sitting on top of a brick chimney
i had to cook a lot of food today . there was so much work to be done . everyone was going to be coming over soon . we had to get all of the food prepared . thankfully i finished everything in time .
several pots that are hanging on a rail from the ceiling a man is mixing paint in a clear container . this plate has a variety of different colors on it making it appealing . plate of colorful vegetables and pasta on table . the two women are in the kitchen preparing food .
the kitchen was the best place to work . the chefs were most passionate about their creations . my favorite was the veggie salad . and the veggie pasta was delicious as well . sometimes we ate as we went along .
pans hanging from a metal pipe from the ceiling a man is stirring something in a plastic cup . a plate holding a tomato salad looks delicious a plate of orange and beige pasta with parsley . a woman wearing a blue sweater and a gold necklace is tasting food .
my roommate is in culinary school . he is a pretty amazing cook . he makes us all kinds of fancy dishes . they look too pretty to eat . i try to help him , but he 's a little demanding .
some pans hanging on a pipe in the kitchen . a man with an earing is reaching for the last pickle . a yellow plate has tomatoes and other items on it . fresh salad with greens , carrots , onions , and dressing two people are cooking and one of them is tasting the food .
saying our vows for our wedding day . i do , i do ! almost time to be mrs . yes , i get to kiss the bride . nervously walking down the aisle as mrs . intruducing mr. and mrs .
a bride and groom exchanging rings in a church wedding . a couple is being married by a priest in a church bride and groom kiss at the altar with spectators . the bride and groom were presented to the audience as husband and wife . two men pose with the bride holding a bouquet .
i was so glad to be up there saying my vows . we had been waiting for a long time until we finally decided to get married . i 'm glad we finally did it . afterward we made our way out of the church . we spent a few minutes taking photos outside .
the bride and groom are at the alter in front of the minister . a bride and groom getting married in a church . a bride and groom getting married in a church a man in a tux and a bride walking with arms interlocked . a beautiful bride happily smiles , surrounded by two groomsmen .
my college roommate 's wedding was held at a very fancy hotel . you should have seen the breakfast cappechinos there ! the wedding was beautiful . [female] and [male] looked so amazing . the cake was a work of art . both of them just looked so happy . watching them dance , it felt like the start of a real fairy tale .
a lovely couple being married in a church . a priest that is reading to a bride and groom . a man and women kissing after accepting their wedding vows a newly married couple walks arm in arm out of the church . a group of people that are next to each other .
this was the most organic hiking trip i 've been on . the berries looked like something straight out of willy wonka 's factory . the animals had a very jurassic park feel to them . i felt like everything looked colorful and thus probably poisonous . the only sane looking thing was the flowers , at least they looked normal .
a moss covered rock is surrounded by trees . several red berries growing on a leafy plant a slug slithering along the bark on the ground . multi-colored succulents , some that flower , are growing among the rocks . flowers in a green meadow on a sunny day
today was our botany hike , we planned to take pictures of all sorts of stuff . we found a cool berry , not sure what it is , bu it looked pretty . mandatory banana slug picture , you 'll see one on every hike . we found a cool little succulent plant growing on a rocky area . although we did n't see many flowering plants , we found these two species all over the forest floor .
a large rock is covered with moss in the forest . a cluster of berries on a bush with green leaves . a green slimy slug is on a bed of pine needles some sort of beans and fruit growing out of the ground . white and yellow flower and purple flowers growing together in a field .
we went on a nature hike today . there were many beautiful things around the forest . we even got to see some wildlife . we took many pictures of all the plants . we had a great time and got so many great pictures .
a rock that is covered in moss and surrounded by trees . berries were ripened completely as they sat still upon the branch . a snake was slithering on the ground with its slippery skin . an ugly plant of greens , reds and a burst of yellow with spikes growing from a rock . two white daisies stand out in a field of bluebells .
our town can offer a different sort of street food experience . have to be dressed comfortably , to maximize the experience ! people are already gathering together for food . other than the food itself , cars are offered to dine in . the cars can offer quite a cozy get-together .
a red truck pulling a red horse trailer with two people by the trailer . two women pose jokingly in front of the open door of a large red trailer being pulled by a red truck . the interior of a trailer with a table displaying food . an image of people waiting to board a bus red truck with red horse trail attached by hitch
on the road trip , we took a truck and a camper . mom opened the door of the camper to peek inside . inside was a picnic table filled with food . people heard about it and started to come by . more people showed for the wonderful sight inside the camper .
people standing next to a red horse trailer being pulled by a red [organization] truck . the stock trailer was holding the items needed by the people . two people standing next to a plate of food a group of people stand at the back of a red horse trailer . having exited the truck , the patriarch checks on the livestock in the trailer to be sure all is well .
[male] pulled up to the picnic with his custom built horse trailer . once parked they prepared to serve the many guests . the trailer had actually been modified into a small kitchen complete with a table . people mingled as the food was being prepared . eventually everyone got in line to eat and enjoy [male] 's famous ribs .
people standing next to a trailer which is hauled by a dodge ram adults standing next to horse trailer posing for photo . a man and a woman are in a horse trailer with a table of food . a group of people getting out of their vehicles . group of people walking towards a red horse carrying cage .
a beautiful lodge marked the location of a deep cavern . the cavern was dark and vast . there were a variety of chambers with interesting rock formations . one room was full of stalactites . another had an interesting bumpy pattern .
a very big building that stands tall near the road . blurry multicolored photo of yellows , oranges and blacks this picture from inside the cavern could be anything if you did n't know what it was first stalactites hang overhead from the ceiling or a cavern . a view of an older object with the light on it .
we pulled up to the resort which was nestled in the beautiful mountains . we got settled and then started to explore the local caves . the stalagtites were impressive . we crept deeper and deeper into the cave . the view from deep in the cave was magical .
what a great view of the town by the woods . wood burning may be while outside or inside there are lights visible from the inside of a cave the rocks are in the shape of icicles . a view of a different type of object , not sure what it is .
they arrived at the park and were finally able to see the caverns . they entered the cave and were immediately amazed . the glimmering caverns were beautiful . and , they also appeared to be very dangerous . and , it appeared they saw a bat , and [female] was deathly afraid of bats and she quickly left the cave !
people sitting under a roof next to a street . the hot fire that was by the huge bonfire this picture is of a poorly lighted cave . partially lit scene of interior of large cave structure . a close up of a white mushroom lighted from below .
for extra credit for one of my classes , we went to a organization forum . the speaker was [male] smith , he was a joy to listen to . i was also impressed when i saw on stage that [male] welms was also going to be a speaker . but , when i saw [male] barkley sitting just in front of the organization sign and knew that he would be a speaker too , i was just so impressed . at the end of the forum , they were selling pictures of the entire speakers . i am so glad i went , not just for my grade , but for the knowledge that i left with .
an image of a group of people that are at a conference the speaker is sharing his ideas with the crowd . adult male speaker sits in chair onstage during auditorium event . the different web sites were being presented on stage a group of people arrange don a stage for a photo shoot .
at the convention there were so many people . the speakers delivered their speeches one at a time . there were a lot of popular figures there . it was awesome to see so many important in one place . afterward all of the presenters went up for a group picture .
at least one hundred people seated in a large conference room are working on their laptops . a man wearing a suit stands in front of a large screen and speaks . a man in a black suit sits on stage in a chair . a man sits in a yellow chair in front of the [organization] logo . a group of individuals are posing for a picture on the stage .
the conference was well attended and the audience was engaged . dynamic speakers presented topics on technology . executives from organization ! addressed the audience . then they heard from executives from organization . after a fulfilling day , everyone knew that they loved the internet even more !
a large group of people in a room , some sitting in front of computers . an asian man wearing a suit and speaking to a microphone . a man reads from a book on stage at a [organization] event . the man is sitting in a yellow chair in front of the [organization] sign . several people in business professional outfirs holding signs
we went to a concert to see our favorite singer [male] singer . in the meantime we got to listen to some new groups too . this group was a lot of hard rock . they were good , but real loud . this next group was good and the drums were fantastic . this drummer has a lot of talent and will go a lot of places in his career . the last group was just ok , i am not into the type of music he was singing but he really stirred up the audience .
a man is singing into a microphone on stage one man appears to be singing and the other appears to be playing a guitar . a man playing an electric guitar on stage . a shirtless drummer plays his drum set in low light . a man with a green shirt and beard holding a mic in his left hand .
the concert was a lot of fun last night . the singer was very talented . he could also play the guitar very well . it was very loud because i was really close to the stage . i had a great time though .
the man sang his heart out , and smiled in his enjoyment . two males on stage , one holding the microphone singing and the other roff to the side playing guitar silhouette of a man playing guitar on stage . young man playing the drums and cymbals holding drum sticks a man is holding the mike for a crowd to sing .
the singer is ready to do a concert getting all of his viewers excited . the singer kicks out with the first part of his concert . the next part is where the singer plays the guitar for his viewers . for the last but not least the singer plays the drums . the singer says goodbye to all of his viewers and goes home .
a man with dread locks singing into a microphone . the man at the stage are holding musiclal instruments guitar player in silhouette against red lit stage . a man playing drums with his band [organization] [organization] a man is holding a microphone away from himself .
it 's a great day for a soccer game . the teams are fiercely competing for the ball . two players collide in the battle for the ball . they watch in anticipation as they try to decipher where the ball is going to go . this player saves his team with quick thinking , hitting it with his head to keep it from the other team .
a soccer player moving the ball across a playing field . a group of teenagers playing soccer run for the ball . the soccer players struggled to get to the ball at the end of the field . five boys playing soccer two teams against each other boys are playing with a ball and having lots of physical contact .
the soccer teams battled to see who would win the game . the ball switched sides as everyone tried to gain control . there was physical contact trying to retrieve the ball . the team members hustled down the field . there were some close calls where some team members could have been hurt .
young player getting ready to kick the soccer ball closer to his team 's goal . a person that is running towards the soccer ball . two soccer players are trying to get control of a ball several small children outside on the grass in daytime a group of young boys playing soccer together .
[male] steals the ball from the other team . [male] lets the ball get ahead of him loses possession . [male] heads the ball to another team member . the boys rush after the ball with reckless abandon . [male] really tries to head the ball into the goal .
a boy that is about to kick a soccer ball . young boys playing a game of soccer on a soccer field outside two soccer players are fighting to get the ball to their team mate . photo of a group of youths playing soccer . a boy is bouncing a soccer ball off his head .
the market was flourishing on a sunday afternoon . fresh produce was piled on itself . the watermelon vendor arrived a little late . some of the fruits were oddly shaped . i called a taxi and left after shopping for a while .
a man is using a hose to rinse off the ground of a warehouse floor outside with large , orange crates in the foreground . a man pushes a bicycle cargo siecar in an asian street . a man loading green watermelon in a cart . this is a street vendor in an open air market . an old man with a mustache sitting by a table of food .
it is very early in the morning . jin is cleaning the open air market grounds . soon the sellers will be arriving . the sellers arrive on motorcycle and bicycle carts with fresh produce and meats to sell . melons will be a popular item for sale today . the sellers take time to array the items for sale in a decorative manner . soon the customers will arrive and the market will be busy .
beyond a stack of orange crates , a person in rain gear and rubber boots is hosing down the concrete floor . people are traveling on bicycles and a vespa . a person that is loading watermelons in a box . man wearing pink gloves sorting through plucked chickens a chines or indian man is sitting in front of plates of food that may or may not be for sale .
the market is getting ready to open . people are starting to arrive to sell their wares . this man is excited to sell his beautiful melons . he sells right next to a guy who sells chickens . there are delicious smells all through the market thanks to this man 's cooked food .
a man standing in the garage spraying the ground the man is towing goods in his basket on his bike . a man holds a box next to a cart of watermelons . a man is wearing rubber gloves and is touching chicken feet by two other men . a man sitting in a child 's seat next to a make shift table with plates of food on it .
the family gathered for a traditional thanksgiving day party . the turkey was basted and laid out on the table for all to enjoy . [female] could n't help but sneak a quick taste before we sat down to eat . cold drinks waited for us as we took our seats . a beautifully set table , delicious food , and memories were shared by all !
a large cooked turkey sitting in a pan . a group of people sit together inside of a home . roasted bird in tray with dark browned skin the table is full of different kinds of food . a tall , cold glass of very dark beer .
here 's one of our thanksgiving turkeys . our family always gathers around to talk at thanksgiving . here is the other turkey . we gather around a huge table of great food . best of all is my uncle 's home brewed beer .
[location] in a disposable silver pan on a grill top . six people gathered in a room socializing together the photo is focus on a turkey with stuffing in the background . people are sitting around dishes full of food and wine bottles at a wooden table . a tall glass with a very dark ale is sitting on a wooden table .
the turkey is done and ready to be cut . everyone sitting and waiting on the food . getting ready to slice it up . food and drinks on the table . a glass of beer looks really great .
a large turkey roasting in an aluminum pan . a group of people sit in a living room together . a fully cooked turkey sitting in a metal pan . a table filled with food and different kinds of alcohol . a glass is full of a dark brown sudsy looking liquid .
the computer it in our department tried to help the company set up the server . upon inspection , the computer it realized that someone had tried to reconnect the wires . all the wires for the computers were tangled . the misplaced wireds caused the computers and internet connection to malfunction . as a result , the company had to send us home early . the computer it spent over 4 hours trying to fix all the tangled wires . the company sent out an email . they prohibit any of the employees from entering the data center room .
a man is looking at a large computer network . a communications room with masses of tangled wires . electricity has altered humans from caveman times to the future . the inside of a computer room with wires and monotors . a giant switch board with a series of knobs and wires coming out of it .
we decided to visit a big city for vacation . it had wonderful views , especially in the morning . i was able to see for what felt like miles . there were many buidlings in the city . some of the buildings were huge and went high into the air .
a man bends over looking at a bank of wires . a wall of wires and computers in some sort of technical room a switchboard with hanging tangled white wires over square screens . an unoccupied control center filled with breakers and monitors . a server room with a bunch of cables connecting to computers .
i had a lot of work to do today . there were so many wires that were tangled up . i had to untangle all of them . it took me all day . eventually i finished and i was allowed to go home .
man trying to decipher complex network of wires and controls computer wiring that is all over the place . a huge mess of cables and wires in what seems to be a room full of computers and other technology . a room filled with outdated technology such as large monitors , a bank of switchboards and servers and a huge laptop . a room with lots of wires and green lights .
the band was performing tonight . they were in sync today and the crowd was loving it . the leader singer was singing with all her heart . she even played the keyboards . she had her own solo as well .
a woman singing and playing guitar with a band on stage . male and female musicians singing and playing guitars . a girl plays an acoustic guitar at a microphone . a woman sings using a microphone and plays the piano . the keyboard player is wearing a dress and a tiara .
this couple played at the bar recently . the sounded so well together . the female singer had an angelic voice . she not only played the guitar , but then she got behind the keyboard . she rocked a solo . such a great show .
lady and man on stage playing guitars and singing a man and woman are on stage playing guitar and singing . the woman in white is playing a guitar and singing a woman wearing a tiara plays a keyboard . she sat and played a beautiful song on the piano .
i went to see my favorite band play tonight . they played all of my favorite songs . [female] played the guitar through most of the concert . though she switched to keyboards for a while . she can really rock out on the keyboards !
a woman sings into a microphone as she plays a guitar with her bandmates . a man and woman playing guitars and singing . a woman that is playing the guitar on stage . a woman with a tiara plays a keyboard and sings woman musician playing piano and singing in a poorly lit room .
i enjoy visiting my grandparent 's home up in the mountains . i get to see nature up close , like a spider in a web . after i park the car , it 's time for a long walk . on certain days , i can usually spot an eagle flying overhead . i sometimes watch the direction the eagle is flying in and i follow it .
a country farm seen from the view of the sky . a cement patio with a bench overgrown with grass . a square looking house with bricks for steps . large black bird flying through the sky on a sunny day . a variety of trees cover the landscape on a sunny day .
it sat perched atop a tree . it was a hunter . a mighty hunter , from the sky . it would swoop down for its prey . then carry it away to be eaten .
view of a house in a field in front of a forest and hills an old block of cement covered in weeds in the woods a picture of a small grey house with a balcony a hawk or eagle soars through a blue sky . a view of the tree tops in a forest .
we bought a house on a mountain it was an amazing place so peaceful the wild life is incredible the scenery makes for life to be lived at its fullest
a picture of a home in a forest like area . a bench is in the shade and a sundial is in the sun . a building that is grey with red brick steps and a satellite . the bird is flying in the blue sky . a view of a tree covered hillside on a sunny day .
many people gathered to watch luchador wrestling . the crowd was in excitement at the begging of the match . the wrestlers came out to the ring one by one . when the match started , they performed impressive moves . the matches even had a ring girl in between matches .
a massive crowd in an arena , possibly for a concert . a bunch of people raise their hands at a concert . man dressed in a white cape and painted face . a black man in wrestling gear upside down at the ring buckle . a woman posing in front of a boxing ring
it was crowded at the wrestling match . it was so hot and loud . there were many different wrestlers there . the wrestlers performed may tricks . the best part was the ring girls .
a large crowd of people wearing summer clothes gather in a stadium . a crowd of people with their hands in the air at a concert . a shirtless man in costume saunters through a room . people are seated watchimng a man do some tricks a half naked woman in front of a banana holding up a giant straw .
there was a lot of people at the wrestling match today . the crowds were loud as they cheered their favorites . the first fighter came out in a silver mask and cape . his opponent was large , and quite skilled . one of the girls came out to help stir up the crowd .
a crowd of people stand in a stadium happily . a large croud have their hands raised in the air . a wrestler in costume going toward the ring to fight . a group of people are sitting inside a tent watching a wrestling competition . woman in bikini and heels carrying oversized straw
not the greatest breakfast but it will fill me up enough to give me energy . here is the starting line ! woo hoo , i 'm gon na win this . breakfast tables of champions . here is my new shirt , i will cherish . here is where i '' m gon na win this race .
two men are standing next to a sign about canadian men and prostate cancer . crews arrived early to set up the marathon race . the tent is full as people wait to eat their meal the birds are wadding in the water on the rocks white plate of bacon and pancakes with butter .
the community came out to support the prostate cancer awareness . the fund raising marathon has not started yet . the people gathered under the tent because it started to rain . the rain has caused the water to rise in the lake . the food prepared for the community consisted of bacon and pancakes .
a sign bringing attention to prostate cancer in [location] has been erected in the photograph . two people are standing under a red canopy tent next to a red banner marking the start and finish line for a race . a bunch of people are under a tent and talking to each other birds on brown rocks along moving rippled water . food is sitting on a white plate on top of a table with pictures of watermelon
today we run for charity , this sign explains it all . you start on one side , you end on the other . it will be a great circle of a run . the competitors were all gathered , competition was in the air . the lake we were going to run around was pretty big and deep . before we raced however we ate a hearty meal .
two men hold up a sign that is about education of prostate cancer . the start and finish lines have been set up and are ready . people are gathered at picnic tables under a green and white striped tent . some birds perch on a rock next to a river the plate has bacon and pancakes with syrup .
the guests met up after the wedding ceremony . they stopped to talk about it . like any wedding , the party had a cake . later on at the party , the couple cut the cake . the bride and groom stood with their wedding gifts .
the invitation was ready to be sent out two people walk towards a historic house . the bride and the groom stand on the gravel . two people are beside each other wearing wedding clothes . swedish newlyweds plan to drive their [organization] to their honeymoon .
we received out invitation for the upcoming wedding . we arrived in front of the event . wow ! it was a beautiful place to hold it . the bide and groom were married in no time and happy as ever . they cut the cake as we all drank and laughed together . in the end , they got in their car and drove off for the honeymoon .
a piece of paper with a house on it two people walking down a trail to a house two people just got married and are posing for pictures right now the bride and groom opened their presents after the wedding . a blue car with a heart drawn on the rear windshield and several people in formal clothes around it .
[male] and [female] got married today . the venue for their wedding was picturesque . after the ceremony , they headed off to their wedding reception . they opened gifts at the reception . after the reception they took for their honeymoon in location .
a invitation to a wedding in a foreign language . people are walking to a huge building on a gravel walkway a couple outside of a building while a random lady photo bombs a wedding couple standing in front of a table of gifts a blue car with writing on the windows .
one day , [female] decided that she was craving some food from [male] 's organization organization organization . so she went inside to get her some grub . but when she looked at the menu , there were so many choices ! and everything looked so good ! but in the end , [female] was able to decide on a nice , juicy hamburger .
big neon sign for [male] 's big red grill a deli counter with a wide array of food selections . a colorful chalkboard menu for smart monkey cafe . various foods are for sale behind glass panes an open sandwich with onions , bacon and tomatoes .
ooh , [male] 's might make for a good meal . stepping in and i 'm excited for the choices . i 'm so overwhelmed by the menu options but glad that they do n't just make two things . the food looks fresh and my mouth is getting watery . finally i have my food and i 'm ready to pig out .
a red sign for [male] 's [organization] [organization] [organization] in an urban setting . this is a deli shop with some snacks the menu board is handwritten in different colored chalks . the glass case is filled with baked goods and fruit . an open faced bacon cheese burger is displayed on a plate .
after we got through traffic we finally made it to the restaurant . we were so hungry so we all knew exactly what to order . their menu is huge . the food in the display case was making my mouth water . i ordered the biggest burger they had and it was amazing .
a sign is hanging outside of a business . the deli counter inside of a supermarket with food and drinks displayed on a shelf this menu is very comprehensive in its execution . food is on display in this refrigerated cabinet . a bacon cheddar cheeseburger sits open faced with lots of vegetable toppings .
look at all the flags for the race today . bringing his luggage to the race . must need a quick getaway . my ticket , hat , and program . ca n't wait ! my favorite car in the race . [female] he wins !
the flags are blowing in the wind on flagpoles a woman with luggage is standing beside a parked car . on the tables is a magazine , a badge , and a red hat . a yellow car with black wheels and some inscriptions written on car . side view of yellow taxi cab with [location] aa label on door .
we went to the cyress rally this weekend . alot of countries were represented . they gave me this cool hat . i also got a special laminate rally pass . they also include an event program
a group of flags are flying in the wind . a woman is standing next to a car . a red hat is on top of magazines on a wood table a taxi cab with [location] rally written on the side . brightly painted car that could possibly be a taxi .
here are all the flags of the country 's taking part in the rally this year . here i am arriving at the rally . here are the souvenirs i am going to keep from the rally . this is the rally safety car i drove this year . this is a picture of the drivers area of the car . i spent a lot of time sitting here , but it was worth it to be part of the rally .
a collection of flags flying on flag poles a blonde female wearing a car dealership uniform and a suitcase at her feet . a hat , lanyard , ticket and program for the 2004 cyprus rally . a cyprus rally safety car parked outside of a building . the driver 's side of a yellow car with black print on the side .
we attended lilac sunday in the park . there were a variety such as this white . the bush was huge and smelled wonderful . there was the usual lilac colored lilacs . there was silliness from the kids playing in the tree .
a woman with glasses and one without stand behind a sign . a man , woman and boy admire the beautiful white flowers . a flowering white bush surround by paths . purple buds on branches coming down near people walking . four children sit in a tree while a young man poses in front of a couple who are taking the picture .
we went to the organization organization organization organization sunday . there were so many beautiful lilacs , including these lovely white ones . here is an even better picture of that lovely lilac bush . the whole event was beautiful , but i tried to get some really pretty shots like this one of the pink . it was nice to spend time with my family -- look at the boys climbing the tree !
two women outside near a lilac sunday sign . these people are walking in a garden and taking pictures for their personal album . a big bush is growing with white flowers and people are looking at it small purple blossoms on several branches is the focal point , a blurry park like atmosphere is show in the back . two adults photographing some children in a tree .
when flowers are in bloom , it really brings out people to see them . the best part about that is that there are multiple parks and places to see them that enhance the city . even the smallest of blooms look beautiful juxtaposed against a city backdrop . flowers that take so long to bloom are most enjoyable to people because of the rarity of what they are seeing and take many tours and pictures to remember this moment . even tree will get in on the `` action '' as it were with kids and people climbing on them . this is one of the best parts of being outside and having the flowers in bloom .
two woman are standing behind a sign for [organization] [organization] . a man is taking pictures of white lilacs while a woman and a boy look on . some people are standing around and looking at a bush with white flowers the flowers on the tree are starting to bloom a few children are on next to a tree .
we went to a meeting with a few friends last month . a guy was there that was teaching all kinds of educational stuff . he had many different items he taught us about . he even played some music for us . it sounded great . we took one last picture before we went out to eat .
specialty kosher items are displayed on white clothed table . a rabbi , speaking to a group of people , is dressed in a white robe . a bespectacled man presents a toast on this formal occasion . adults and children seen seated at tables for large gathering . a man with a woman by his side speaks into a microphone .
the table was well decorated . the man wore religious garments . we toasted to the finer things in life . the restaurant was full at this time . i decided to visit the venue for entertainment .
the table for wine tasting along with cheese was presented playfully a man in a white shirt is gesturing in front of religious banners . a man is holding up a wine glass in the air a waiter enjoying his time with guests having a conversation . a man singing , while standing next to a woman .
today we went to a ceremony for my cousin his father spoke for him at the alter . we then had a toast for him . after we all got to eat . then my souin and his wife said a small speech to end the night .
a bottle and chalices sit on a table with other religious imagery . the man is wearing a yarmulke and a robe . a man with glasses that is making a toast . a crowd of people converse with each other in a busy restaurant . a man and woman dressed for an occasion standing while the man speaks into the microphone .
the organization was out protesting against contaminated water . the protest took place in front of their headquarters . this shows one of the banners they put up . they drew quite a crowd . other protesters walked the streets . i hope it made a difference .
an advocate that is trying to make a statement by sitting on a teepee . people are standing behind a sign for a building group of people demonstrating for a cause outdoors the people are walking into the [organization] meeting . three mountain top removal protesters standing in front of building
the organization organization organization ( organization ) opened its doors to an annual conference that would educate the public on global issues . any passerby would be greeted with a sign that showcased that this was indeed the organization 's headquarters . a large sign , stationed outside warned of the problem with water contamination . it was n't long before camera crews began to show up , hoping to get a new story . there were also protestors who arrived , believing that the organization was not doing enough for the community .
a sign that pledges to end mountaintop removal . a purple protest tepee in front of a the [organization] [organization] [organization] building . protestors are gathered to speak out against water pollution a gentleman video taping a guy about the [organization] pledge . two woman and one man standing with [organization] signs
i flew to location in march . there was an organization protest that i wanted to attend . it had to do with water contamination . the turn out was pretty good . this guy was still there when i was leaving .
large banners advertising a pledge to end coal mining . two people talk and walk near a purple pyramid . protesters are outside making banners and signs and posters . three men standing outside a tall building on a sunny day protesters hold signs describing their demands outside a government agency
the bride and groom arrived in style for their elegant wedding . they walked down the aisle and said their vows . then they walked back down the aisle as husband and wife . after the ceremony , they made sure to stop so people could snap some photos , and then they made their way to their reception .
a old vintage vehicle is parked for the bride . a wedding couple that has made it to the top . a couple next to a stone monument getting married . the bride and groom were been watched by the guests . this is group of people sitting at an table for an event
the car was a fantastic touch to the event . the groom and bride are intimate . they were the main attraction of the event . the couple watches the crowd with happiness . lastly , lunch was served in a well-furnished building .
a car that is the main attraction at the event . bride and groom with wedding party toasting during celebration . a group of wedding guests are milling about while the bride is talking with a man . a bride and groom take a picture together . different groups of people eating dinner at a nice restaurant .
friends and family gathered for a wedding . everyone watched as the young couple got married . they were there to congratulate them . then the bride and groom took time to thank everyone . after the wedding everyone sat down to a large meal .
a groom and bride getting into a car after their wedding . the lady has on a white dress in the photo a couple getting married during the day outdoors a bride and groom posing for pictures together people in dress attire sit at tables in a dining area .
all the boys gathered to go out that night . there was a big party at he local club . a lot of people were starting to show up . most were dressed for the holiday . the line was getting long to get in .
three men are dressed in halloween costumes as a pirate , a zombie and a douche bag . a man wearing costume makeup walks behind a man dressed as a pirate . a woman with white make up covering her face and wearing glasses several men are gathered outside of a black vehicle . a dark picture of a group of people , one on a skateboard and one on a bike .
there were a lot of zombies on the road today . i did my best to avoid them . they were very close at one point . there were too many of them so i got on my bike and rode away . i rode as fast as i could .
three people dressed in costumes from a zombie movie one man is dressed as a pirate and the other as a zombie . a woman wearing zombie make-up in the middle of the night . a man is walking towards a car in the night time . several people gathered around outside in the dark .
the guy with the eye patch had a great costume everyone wanted to take a photo of him . there were many good costumes overall and there was dancing at night all night long .
three men in costumes , one as a pirate , one as a zombie and one as a salesman a person with glasses that is next to the man . zombie make up on young adults at evening outdoor gathering . several people gather around a dark motorcycle with its lights on a group of young people gathered and skateboarding
a day at the zoo there a little genny pig a very beautiful flower with yellow rose there is aboard walk trail to walk on some beautiful pictures to be taking a u neat tree stunk a beautiful picture
a small animal is stuck in the brush and debris . a bright green plant with a yellow flower beginning to sprout from it a wooden walkway running through a dense forest . a snake that is squirming its way through the forest . a tree that has been hallowed out and messed with .
we travel to the wild once we go there we can see the flowers . then we start to walk across the bridge then we reach the other side . finally we get to a cave .
an animal in a wooded area behind branches the flower is a pretty yellow and the green leaves are pretty as well . a wooden bridge or puncheon through the forest . snake crawling across the water on a tree limb with rocks near by . picture of a hollowed out tree trunk under a mostly cloudy sky .
a little wild pig sniffs around for some food . a very beautiful flower hidden among the other plants . there was a boardwalk that went over the really wet parts of the swamp . a snake slithered away from the group . this hollow stump seemed to go down forever .
a wild baby boar is caught in the under brush of a thicket . a yellow rose is getting ready to bloom . a pathway leads through the thick swamp . a striped grey snake slithers over the dirt and rocks . an old tree trunk has moss and other plants growing on it .
the tourist decided to go sight seeing today . it was snowy out side . snow covered everything . the tourist managed to take pictures of some statutes . the tourists favorite view was of the city .
a person in cold weather clothes is next to a statue . two brown boots and jeans standing in snow . a wooden park bench that is covered in slushy snow . some snow covering the shoulders of two statues people are walking on the snow covered paths throughout the park .
i decide to take a walk on a cold winters day . i looked down at my feet and thought about where things had gone wrong with my girlfriend . i wanted to sit down on a bench but it was covered in snow . i looked up and saw a statue of a couple , standing , frozen . as i looked out ove the park i decided i was not going to remain stuck . i would call [female] .
1 person dressed warmly walking through snow and ice boots are standing in the cold snow a frosty day , with snow covering a bench and the ground behind it . two statues of men with their heads and shoulders covered in snow . a view from a balcony of a plaza with many people and a fountain on a snowy day .
i went for a walk in the snow . which at first glance seemed bleak . it was pretty cold and i wondered if i had on the correct shoes . as i looked around i began to see how beautiful the snow made everything . the statues looked as if they might walk somewhere to get warm . the large plaza then filled with other people looking around to see the beauty .
a man that is next to the structure in the snow . a picture of a man 's boots in the snow is displayed . the end of the wooden fence reveals the snow . two greek statues that are green in color a snowy day has dusted the large park white .
my name is [male] . i am a happy baby this is my grandpa alvin . we always have a good time when we get together this is my dad . my dad like sto take me to the park in the park we sit outside and watch the people and the boats in the lake i am really tired from my day in the park . my dad says i can take a nap now .
a group of people on a boat that is the water a man and two women are on a boat on an overcast day . a group of people riding in a boat . a cabin sits among trees on the water . a family boating on a lake in a pontoon .
we took a trip out on the lake in uncle [male] 's new boat on thursday . uncle [male] , aunt [female] , and aunt [female] relaxed in the back drinking beers . grandpa drove with little [male] on his lap while his parents looked on . we passed the house where grandpa used to live and he pointed it out to us . it was great to spend time with family !
a woman and two men aboard a docked boat . three people sitting on a boat , one holding a beer bottle a man sits with a young boy on his lap driving a boat . a cute cabin in the woods on the side of a lake . the boat is being enjoyed by many on the river
we took the boat out for a ride on the lake . we all piled on for a great conversation and had a few drinks . the captain of this ship is so young , just a baby really . we went by a cabin on the lake , maybe we 'll rent that for our next vacation . every body had a great time and ca n't wait to do it again .
three people are inside of a boat that has a red canopy . some people are taking a ride on a boat on a gray overcast day . a man holds a child in his lap while he steers a boat . a nice brown cabin sitting between trees right next to the water . two men and two women are on a boat on a lake .
it was a beautiful day in sunny location . a perfect day to head out to a gay pride parade . everyone was happily displaying their signs as they marched . everyone was marching for equal rights . it was a perfect day and a peaceful march .
parade featuring black and gay individuals protesting down street . a group of protests marches around a street waving signs . the protesters were with the signs of no more down low black women carrying a banner down the street . the man in the orange jacket is rioting to legalize gay marriage
going to the protest in location . black and gay we are family protesters . black and gay here to stay sign . legalize gar marriage sign . put a ring on it sign , for gay marriage .
people are marching in a gay price parade . a dozen people march through a street holding signs in support of lgbt rights . a woman holds a clipboard and a microphone in her hands . a crowd holding signs is marching down the street on a sunny day . a man is marching in a parade and holding a sign supporting legalizing same sex marriage .
today is the day of the big march . we are really excited about it ! we got all the friends we could to join in and people came from other towns as well . the local tv station interviewed us . different groups joined in . there was loads of us . some of the banners were home made but really got the point across . a great day .
the sign says that black gay are here to stay the people are all standing up for a cause a woman is at the rally with a microphone and clipboard . group of people carrying signs together and protesting . a man is holding signs for gay marriage
the church that the marriage was to be held at was a historic one . the bride and the groom posed happily on their wedding day . the best man and one of the bridesmaid decided to smile for the camera . the best man and one of the groomsman look happy to be a part of something important . after the wedding , everyone hit the dance floor to party the night away .
a beautiful religious display inside of a large church . two people are posing for wedding photos in a rustic setting . a man with a beard that is next to a lady . two men with three piece suits and boutonnieres stand in a church . a man and woman dancing at a wedding reception .
the church the couple had chosen for their wedding was gorgeous . the wedding was in full swing and everyone looked amazing . the bride and groom were the most gorgeous . everyone was having fun and the wedding was working out perfectly . everyone danced and had fun , the night was amazing .
a cathedral is ornately decorated with statues and colors . the bride and groom are standing and posing for the picture . couple in formal clothes standing inside a large gym . two men stand in a church ready for a wedding . a man and a woman dancing surrounded by people in a barn
my best friend had her wedding at her church . her and her groom looked so happy . her parents beamed with delight . her brother was the best man . afterward , her guests celebrated for the rest of the night .
view of an large and ornate and lighted church alter . a couple dressed up for a wedding smiling at the camera a woman and man getting married at a church two guys at a church , getting a rather nice picture of them smiling and looking all put together . a large group of people gathered and celebrating
in the living room , there was a great atmosphere . my family met in the middle to take pictures . we all posed together in unison . the living room and the kitchen were open . we had a lovely event on that night .
a group of friends are out for an evening several people inside an establishment with a tv on the wall . a group of asian people sitting at a table a framed photo on the wall of a women holding a child . small group of people sitting at a dining table .
my family decided to my brother 's graduation . our cousins came over to watch movies and play games . the lot of us ate lunch and took a family photo . that was my brother as a baby being held by our mom . at night our relatives left and we enjoyed a nice quiet dinner . it was a nice day .
three men wearing glasses pose together smiling near some food . a group of people sitting at the table in room with a tv and rocks on the wall a group of people pose for a picture at the table . a picture hands on the wall of a girl with a baby . five people sitting around a large glass top table .
on st. [male] 's day we whipped up a batch of green eggs and ham . then we cut our ham in the shape of clovers . it was a great breakfast to honor the occasion . we then proceeded to the parade . the music was great , and the band did a great job .
a few people poses near a table and water bottle . a group of people sit around a table in a restaurant a group of people pose for a picture while toasting . a photo of a young girl holding a baby is mounted on a wall . a group of 5 people sitting around a dining room table visiting with each other .
everyone is all dressed up nice to attend the festival . so many great shows this year , and talented entertainers . the rides are the best , no expense was spared . even a daring trapeze act to delight the crowd some just like to enjoy the great music .
man adjusting collar of friend at outdoor venue with camping . a crowd of people in a large tent partying . an amusement park ride is brightly lit as it spins in a circle . a trapeze artist on stage outside with spectators . two people pose for a picture dressed in fancy clothing
my good friends had a circus themed wedding ! the wedding took place under a huge red tent . there were rides for guests to enjoy ! we also were treated to acrobats performing nearly impossible feats ! some of us were feeling slightly tipsy , and sang and danced !
a tuxedo-wearing man ties the bowtie of another man . a tent party aqt night with red lights . carnival ride with lights and riders swinging through the air . a man with his face painted as a skull is hanging from the ceiling . the couple is singing about their experiences at the festival .
there were a lot of people at the fair . some of them were drunk . they had a great time . everyone was smiling . afterward we went to the park and got dressed there .
the man helps his friend get ready for the ceremony . a group of people interact under a dark tent . a picture of a swing ride at an amusement park a character in a play hands above the ground on a dark stage . people having fun and going to party in the evening .
we took a walk through a bird park this afternoon . there were woodpeckers . we even saw many bird 's nest around . the mountains were lively with water falls . we saw many cool looking insects like this buttlerfly .
an empty trail between large trees in the woods . most of a mountainside is shaded from the sun a bunch of fungus on a piece of wood a hawk that is perched on a cable . the caribou sat under the tree to get out of the heat .
the wildlife is magnificent . this bird is displayed in beauty . there is so much diversity . everything is beaming with life . the colors are everywhere from the bird to the butterfly .
a dirt road through a wooded country area . a cliff with moss and grass on it truffles sun themselves waiting for fat little alsatian men to rip them from their perches . the bird with the white chest is perched on an electrical cable . an elk near the fence of an enclosure with trees nearby .
this is the entrance to a wild life preserve in location . up on the bluffs you will find many animals and insects that are declining in numbers around the world . this gathering of butterflies no longer takes place in a lot of locations like it use to . this is a rare hawk that is going extinct very rapidly . this breed of elk is starting to grow in numbers but not out of the woods quite yet .
dirt hiking or biking road in the middle of woodland dangerous looking cliff drop off with trees below for a possible safe drop.. frogs on a log sunning themselves near the water . falcon sits atop wire watching on cloudless day . a bull elk standing under at tree during the daytime .
a photo of the bus i was on when i took a trip . the bus is still on the freeway , after driving a few hours . the weather is a little sunnier , but we are still on the road . i decided to stop for the night at this hotel . the next day i was back on the road .
the vehicle with fringe on it is driving down a foggy road the view of a long stretch of straight road from inside a vehicle . a road that is filled with some cars on the tar . cars and trucks are going by cones at a construction site . the view from a bus , of a corn or wheat field .
i rode on the bus to get to work yesterday . it was a long ride . i fell asleep during it . when we finally got close i woke up . i had five more minutes until we would arrive .
a highway road that is being driven on by a car the entrance to the station overlooked the long stretch of road near it . the archway has a sign lit up over the highway . cars are seen from the back driving down a road with country on either side . the scenery was amazing as we traveled the main roads .
we took a drive across the country last summer . it was a great feeling being on the open road . nothing compares to having a whole road to yourself ! well , most of the time anyways ! it was a great trip and we got to see many places .
view of cars driving down a hazy highway from a covered vehicle . the view of the road from inside a vehicle . an overcast day has kept drivers off these roads . the highway has cones along it due to the construction that is being done . a large field is by the side of the road
the whole family got together for the birthday party . there was plenty of spirits and fun . the birthday boy was happy and having a great time . his parents were very proud of their son . the birthday boy loved his new pet chicken .
a group of people are crowding together on a couch to take a picture . a man in gold crown breathing in steam . a silly young man wears a paper crown and makes a fool of himself . a man and woman making silly hand gestures and posing . a man king feeds his chicken dark beer
today was my birthday and my whole family was there . we had a lot of food and drinks . we even took many pictures together . my parents were also having a great time . someone gave me a chicken as a present .
a group of people are sitting and standing together on a couch , while some are holding champagne glasses and some are wearing crowns . trying to get a whiff of the food , the man ignored all sense of propriety . this man is relaxes in his checkered shirt and gold paper crown . a man and woman smile while doing silly things with there hands . man wearing paper crown sitting next to a christmas tree holding a chicken and a glass mug
i invited my entire family to dinner tonight . they were happy to come . it was also my birthday . we all took pictures together . my uncle bought me a chicken .
eleven people are seated or standing behind a couch . most are holding champagne glasses and the clock on the far wall reads 12:00 . a man with a crown on his head has his face in smoke next to two women wearing crowns . a young man in a dress shirt wearing a gold paper crown on his head . a man and a woman are posing together for a picture . a man holds a chicken and a beer mug while wearing a paper crown .
the family has all came together on this hot sunny day . the boys are enjoying their self in the pool . this was a good day to be in the pool . the older folks are on the side enjoying the weather and kids playing in the pool . it still have n't cool off and older folks are soon going inside to the air conditioner . every one enjoyed the day though .
a group of friends relax together in the backyard with their children and each other . the two girls are in the pool of water laughing two people are playing in the pool , and a boy is drinking while sitting on a chair outside the pool . four older people are sitting in front of a table with a laptop on it , laughing and having a good time . some older folks sitting in outside chairs under a tent around a table .
the family decided to get together for the 4th of july . the kids decided to go swimming in the pool . the kids occupied their time playing games in the pool . at the 4th of july get together , they family had a great time catching up . the grandparents came by to be with their grand kids during the 4th of july .
an image of a family gathered at a picnic the two young swimmers do not seem to care that the dividing rope has come loose from its mooring . the kids were having fun in the pool as they swam . two women and two men are done eating a meal . old people sitting at the table drinking and talking
they were trying to teach dad how to use his new laptop they had gotten him . the youngsters laughed at his inability in the pool . grandma told them to get on the other side so as not to splash it . grandpa moaned , he 'd never figure this new fangled gizmo out . grandma made everyone laugh when she told him to chillax .
adults and children are sitting around a table outside two long haired boys in a swimming pool with a hose . three teenage boys are sitting poolside during the day . a group of people interact as they sit outside in front of a computer . two older people sitting outside at a table .
we decided to go to the market downtown . we shopped the wide assortment in the meat department . we ordered sausage with colorful toppings . the fried shrimp is always great . we also loved the architecture . we ca n't wait to come back .
a sign that directs individuals where the market is located . many sausages sit grouped by type behind a glass window . this sandwich looks to be absolutely disgusting . a neon sign advertising food at an establishment . the corner of a building displaying beautiful intricate oriental architecture
i went to the market last week . i was really hungry . i bought a delicious sandwich there . afterward i went for a walk . i found myself in location .
citizens of the big city make their way back after their day out shopping . a butcher 's case showcases multiple different flavored sausages . a sandwich lies with meat and greens covering it . a neon sign advertises fried shrimp in a shop window ceremonial temple adorned with bright colorful decorations .
the reading terminal market , let 's see what they have in here today . fresh sausages and i some of each time . a hot sandwiches with greens on top , yum ! in the restaurant looking out . beautiful building and the colors flow lovely together .
people are under a huge reading terminal market sign . many different sausages lined up for sale in a store an italian beef sandwich with green vegetable topping . a green and blue neon sign advertising fried shrimp . a very colorful part of a building that may be a temple
we 're expecting company so i attempted to make some food . i 'm not a very good cook so i threw a large can of beans in a pot and called it a day . here i just dyed some whipped cream pink . it was a real challenge keeping it looking fluffy . ah finally , a well deserved drink after all that hard work cooking a feast . unfortunately , no one seemed very impressed with my cooking other than grandma there .
a disposable aluminum pan full of turkey for thanksgiving a bowl full of beans has a spoon in it . multiple foods in bowls sit next to each other on a table . a woman in glasses is drinking straight from the apple cider bottle two women are surprised but the younger girl is ok
we had the family over for dinner one night and i made turkey . for the side dish i made baked beans . for the dessert i made several fruit salads . after dinner we joked around and carla chugged a bottle of wine . she started dancing which made us all have a good laugh .
pieces of cooked meat in a foil container with a spoon and fork . a pot of baked beans cooks next to a tray of deviled eggs . the food in the dishes are ready to eat a woman with glasses and a blue sweater drinking from a green bottle . two women are appalled at the sight of something off camera while one young girl looks in that same direction .
the family always puts together a huge feast for thanksgiving . beans were made for guests who do not eat turkey . there were several sides and desserts to choose from . the host 's daughter just turned 21 , and it was the first time she could drink with the family . grandma loves to tell stories during dinner to embarrass everyone .
two forks are sitting in an aluminum foil container a pot of beans sits on a table next to deviled eggs . on a white table are four bowls of different kinds of salads or dishes . a woman drinks directly from the bottle in a rather crude fashion . the n blue holding the book in her hands
the excavation crew were on a dig . they set up sifting boxes so they could sift through the dirt that was dug up . it was hard work digging all that dirt . each sifting box was painstakingly checked for items . these are some of the items that were found .
construction worker digging a hole in the ground three people dressed in hard hats and safety vests use sieves to sort through soil . a construction worker is expertly digging out a hole . a pair of gloved hands working in a box . a bottle has washed up upon a beach shore
sign in a trash can while they work in the back . the workers are working and getting ready to start to build . they start to dig up soil to build what they are going to build . they take the dirt/soil and put it inside some wood . then they begin test to see what kind of soil it is .
workers dig a trench with a whiteboard sowing their orders in front of them . construction workers carpeting on project in large city a construction worker digging a trench with a shovel a person with gloves on is sifting through dirt . an old bottle with dirt on it , on cardboard next to other unearthed scraps .
the site for the excavations was headed up by a small team of researchers from a local university . they were happy to be able to be working on a site so close to the city . the team excavated small square sections , on at a time . the dirt was sifted through box frames with wire screening . these are a few of the relics that have been uncovered so far .
the workers are digging holes around the orange buckets . a group of construction workers doing something in wooden contraptions . a person is using a shovel to pick up dirt . there are hands wearing work gloves sorting through what looks like gravel , rocks . the bottle was old and really displayed the strength of man made items .
it is halloween again , that is not an escaped medical patient . we are having a party , and everyone has arrived . check out all the cool costumes . we decided to take the party outside since it is so nice . some of our costumes are really amazing today .
a patient in his hospital gown outside getting some air . a man in a hospital gown andbracelet clapping his hands . a man that is wearing a weird outfit in the room . all of the costumers stand together to show their creativity a man and woman wearing black with painted school faces
when my brother got out of the hospital he decided to throw a halloween party . he invited over all his friends . he did n't know his bottom was exposed . all of us then got dressed up in costumes . this couple won the best costume award .
a man wearing a hospital patient outfit on the streets . family gathering at a restaurant , clapping by all having a good costume on , reminds me of being at the hospital . a group of costumed people stand together making faces . two people with face makeup and taking pictures
we see this man in a hospital gown . everyone at the table seemed to enjoy the company of the man . he showed us his elaborate details of his costume . with food in their stomachs , they decided to take a break outside . lastly , this couple won the costume contest .
a man in a hospital gown is standing outside . the staff members were all dressed in different halloween costumes , including a patient , [female] the riveter , and other notable figures . a man in a hospital gown with a fake butt sticking out . the people are dressed up together for halloween in costumes two people indoors in costumes and face paint .
help ! i 'm falling ! do n't worry . i gotchu . o wait ... are we just diving into the water now ? i guess it 's my turn ! crap ! the road ends here ! noooooo . i 'm falling !
the boat has the [organization] [organization] logo on it the boats are out on the lake being watched by people . people wearing yellow life jackets riding in a vehicle being launched from a platform into water . three athletes are trying push something off a pier . something leaning off of a boat that looks as though it may fall , while people on the boat film it .
everyone gathered around for the big red bull parade at the sea doc . there were great big red and white red bull signs and banners everywhere upon every boat . lots of people watched and listened to speakers come talk about a new organization organization line coming out soon . some of the people from the crowd even got to participate in organization organization contest on the organization organization boat . everyone had a great time , and after the parade was over everyone got together for a organization organization photo op .
home made flying machine launching off of a red bull yacht an image of an outdoor festival with boats people on a little boat being pushed off of a big boat . another racer is about to launch during this red bull event . a plane is seen leaving the [organization] [organization] jump .
the crowd watched as each of the contenders stepped up to the plate . the planes would fly from the boat and try to land successfully . one by one , they succeeded or failed . some designs were more ingenious than others . the last one almost tipped over the side .
a toy plane is hanging off of a boat a crowd is gathered to watch a boating event on the river . people on a vehicle going in a crowded body of water . a ship decked out in red bull merchandise sails down a river with other smaller boats a boat that is ready to be used for the event .
our little town has a lot to offer . it 's rural but it 's beautiful an old rustic park bench shows the serenity of the area . the blue sky show our town to be under clear weather today ! our small businesses give our town some of its rustic charm . the little cafe on the corner is always eager to meet and greet .
the low angle view of the steeple of a church . a wooden bench with a nametag on it the point of a one way sign is bent . a couple of items are in a store window a diner that is on the corner of a street and near a subway .
the sun casts no shadow on the church . the benches were made of the finest wood . the street signs were cheap because they bend easily . fortunately , the business is successful at this time of year . there was not much going on in the city however .
the church steeple is illuminated by the bright sunlight . trying out the new focus on my camera . bent black and white one way traffic sign on pole a display of older ceramic or glass pieces that are for sale in an antique shop . cafe on the corner of a subway entrance
when i woke up i was really hungry . i decided to go and grab some breakfast . i had to walk to the restaurant . it was not a long walk . i stopped at some shops along the way .
the sun shone down above the steeple a small plaque bearing the name [male] lindgren is affixed to a bench . the one way sign sits on a post and is bent . a store front with a sign in the window and many different items for sale under the sign . a black and white image of the greek diner [male] cafe in [location] [location] [location] , [location] [location] .
this is the band . this is my shoes playing in with the band . i love to dance and sing . here goes the drummer doing his drummer thing . i 'm singing a song called money , love and fun i think the crowd likes me .
black haired guitarist in sleeveless shirt tuning his equipment using his right hand . white shoes and black pants are seen with cords on the floor . a musician adjusts the cymbals on his drum kit . a man is singing into a microphone on a stand an image of a singer playing the guitar
the band member calibrates his instrument with a tuning device . poised and firm , the band member gets ready for the event . the drummer sets his cymbals to prepare for the gathering . the guitarist sings in a calm manner . then he swings his mood from calm to excited .
he was making sure that all of his pedal effects were plugged in . a pair of sneakers and some wire and a microphone . a drummer with long hair adjusts hi hat . a man on stage with guitar singing into a mic . the guitar player is standing near the keyboard singing into the microphone .
photographed an awesome band . there is so much that goes on behind the scenes than people realize . the drummer was setting up his drums to make sure everything was perfect . the lead singer and guitarist was on point in his practice . he sang a perfect song and played beautifully .
a young man adjusts his guitar 's electrical equipment . a woman wearing skinny jeans and white sneakers a man is playing with the cymbals on his drum the singer song love song to the crowd of people . the singer is performning a very intense song .
we had been waiting for a very long time for the performance to start . the first one up was the oldest man in town and he was going to perform on the piano . thousands of people listened as he played . next up were the speeches by the local politicians on stage . everyone was captivated by the speeches .
a woman that is wearing sunglasses and is cheering . people that are holding up a large sign . two men and a woman playing for a baseball team called `` tax dodgers , '' the men are holding baseball hats people playing music with three people playing drums people are gathered outside at night for a ceremony
it is important to be active in your community and make your opinions clear . today we are protesting at city hall ! you can make your voice heard and have fun at the same time ! there are a lot of creative people on hand . there are also some talented musicians . we all must fight for what we believe in . it is harder to ignore the people when we are so united .
woman in white shirt with red corporate logo yelling a group of colorfully dressed people holding protest signs . three friends take a joke picture together in baseball uniforms . a [location] band of drummers and singers performs in the outdoors . an area in front of a large building with many blue chairs and large flags draped over a fence in the background
last week we decided to go downtown for a rally . a lot of people got very passionate and were dressed in costumes . these baseball outfits were very unique and spoke volumes . some people showed up with musical instruments to enforce their message . we had such a big crowd there that day i think we really got our message across .
a lady wearing glasses has her mouth open . several people march down a street with a sign protesting coal . three people pose in baseball uniforms labelled , `` [organization] [organization] '' a band group plays bongo drums and sings . an image of a group of people in a theater
this year 's dorm halloween party had a `` what does the fox say ? '' theme . i dressed in a fox hat . my friend talon found a great fox mask . [female] wore horns ! i think she thought foxes had horns . some people did n't stick to the theme , but they seemed to have fun anyway . i took a lot of pictures , sneaking around to get them and being sly as a fox .
a man is wearing a costume and smiling the lady had a fox mask and also had a fox coat . a group of people in costume for a holiday party . a young couple kissing at a costume party . man with long hair holding a black camera in his hand
guests arrive for the costume party , and mingle with their friends . a guest dressed as a fox tries to lure-in another party goer . the photographer arrives and checks his camera for quality . he takes photos of the guests in their costumes , including a man dressed as a dog . the fox is last to pose , and the final photo is captured .
a person dressed as a dog has face paint on a person in a fox mask wearing a fur scarf . three people have whiskers and antlers on at a party . man kisses smiling woman while they both wear strange masks at a party . a man with long hair is holding a camera .
there was a costume contest today . some people dressed as animals this fox mask was cool . there was even a blonde reindeer drinking a beverage . two of the party goers said hi briefly and told each other they liked their costumes . the man that caught all the action was the photographer we hired to capture the event .
a young man dressed up as a dog for halloween . a person wearing a fur coat is wearing also a fox mask all three have noses and whiskers drawn on their face . a man and woman dressed up in costumes a man with long hair and facial hair holds a camera lens .
i went to the wedding yesterday . it was very silly . everyone was making silly faces . we had a great time . the new couple was very excited .
two menin matching shirts and one holding a yellow toy are wearing glasses . young just married couple hamming it up for photo . five groomsmen make goofy expressions before the wedding . a bridal party is posing for professional photography . this depicts a newly married couple jumping off the ground in excitement .
in order to hallucinate a wedding , i bought some lsd from these two guys . it was n't long before we started tripping , i thought i was dressed up to marry a complete stranger . all my friends appeared out of nowhere , their faces were so strange . i thought i could hide with my imaginary bride , but for some reason i thought someone was watching us wherever we went . then i flew away with my random bride , past the clouds , out of earth 's orbit , and into outer space .
two white men are shown wearing silly glasses . a bride and groom grasp one another with startled expressions on their faces many different groomsmen who are taking a silly picture during wedding bridal party posing for a photo in an outdoor area . a newly married couple jumps in the air with happiness .
[male] and i crashed a wedding today . we caught the bride assaulting this man , reason is still unknown . these guys were all really scared of us , we 're not sure why . the photographer asked us to hold his camera for a moment so we snapped this picture . i guess the bride made up with that man she was assaulting earlier .
a pair of men are wearing funny glasses . a married couple takes a goofy picture for the camera . group of well dressed young men grimacing for photo in outdoor green space . a photo of a bride and groom with their wedding party . the bride and groom are jumping up in joy .
we graduated from our college last week . the dean first made a speech about success . then they called us in to line up for accepting our diplomas . they called my name , and i went up . after everyone had their diplomas , we all gathered with our family and friends for hugs and photographs . finally , we all left to celebrate !
a person who is speaking into a microphone at a podium . the back of a graduation cap says dental hygiene the graduation was amazing and she was so proud . teens are excited to be graduating from school an image of a father embracing his daughter who graduated
the dean spoke to the graduates . they were so excited to get their dipolmas ! the graduates flipped their tassles over once they crossed the stage . the family members were so proud ! it was an exciting day for everyone involved .
a woman giving a speech for an event at [organization] [organization] . a person from the class of '09 graduating from dental hygiene . a young woman during graduation standing next to an older woman behind a podium . a group of elated graduates in a lobby . the man is hugging the girl in the graduation cap and gown .
its graduation day and the dean is speaking . i had a fancy mortar board . i did it , i graduated ! i was so happy . and so were my parents .
a woman standing at a podium wearing a cap and gown . graduation day for the class of 2009 today the proud girl met at the podium with the woman who would give her her diploma . the girl in the cap and gown is excited at her graduation ceremony . the man hugs the graduate in the bright blue cap and gown .
i was the vip at a chinese concert today . there were many people on the streets . some people even brought grills to make food . the celebrity finally came out . everyone had a great time .
a hand is holding a vip pass for a street party . the busy streets of the carnival were visited by many . a man working over a barbeque grill while another person holds up two hot dogs . a man walking giving attention to his many fans . a man in a leather jacket holding a microphone to his mouth .
the holiday season was in full swing . there were many people waiting for the party . [female] was shy but exited . she was waiting for bing to show . bing was a local celebrity .
a sign advertises a street party in japanese language people walk amongst crowds in the downtown area . picture of cook out with corn wrapped in foil and hotdogs on sticks . a man is standing outside with a microphone a man gets ready to perform while someone takes his photo
i attended this street party in location . the place was crowded with people and ladders . the street food had a lot to be desired however , did n't even get buns with the hotdogs . the reason for this party was because of an asian boyband . all the girls fangirled for these guys as they walked down the street singing .
a yellow , white , and black promotional card for a party . men and women are walking up and down a street with stores . a person prepares to cook hotdogs over a grill . a man is singing down a runway outside a big sign . young , asian man in a leather jacket surrounded by people and holding a microphone
i had a great time at the picnic last week . there were a lot of people there . the children had a great time . we told them stories . some of the stories were very scary .
a man that is wearing a blue shirt next to children . a group of women giving information to help promote an organization . people are gathered around a table with foam fingers . young kids watch a presentation ( rainforest theatre ? ) with a lively older man and someone in a red bird costume . a mascot hugging a young girl in pink
many came out to support the program , including many future footballers . donations were coming in fast and the booth stayed busy . including taking this 10,000 dollar check from [male] smith . which , lead to coach palmer shouting to the rooftops ... and , the cardinal mascot chasing his daughter down for a celebratory hug !
a group of children listen to a man behind a fence . people gather at a booth to raise money for a cause . a man with a shaved head signing something and standing at a table that has a [organization] [organization] 's helmet on it . group of people outdoor with a man preforming . a little girl hugging a person dressed as a cardinal bird mascot .
today was a special day for some local kids . they would get to meet some football players from the local team and see a play . parents and kids alike were eager to meet their favorite football players as they lined up for autographs and pictures . the football players were really nice to the kids and took the time to sign autographs for all of them , including pictures as well . afterward , the kids got to watch a funny play including the mascot and some local comedians . after the play , children got to take pictures with the comedians and the mascot . it was a great day for everyone .
kids being shown a presentation at a zoo . women running a booth with a red drape while others sign up people sign up for a raffle at a [organization] table outside . people sitting outside on wood benches , enter into group participation . the cardinal stopped to take a picture with the children .
that night we saw beautiful fireworks . the sunrise was gorgeous the next day . then we even saw a shooting star . the sunset and the buildings was beautiful . we ended our night watching the sun go down .
the photo is no longer available . this photo is no longer available . there is no picture there is an error . an error message with a briefcase and x in it . an icon and a sentence shows that there is a photo that was here but is no longer available . an error message that that says the photo is no longer available .
fireworks lit up the sky as we left the town . we heard the bells ringing as well as others fled before the others could get them . we headed for the closest mountain range , that 's where we were told the closest camp was . we listed to the silos and everything creak as the monsters attempts to scramble up them . we were trying to get there before the storm would hit .
white background that says this photo is no longer available . no image is appearing in the window the image was not loading so i was unable to see the image . white block with x that says this photo is no longer available . a message saying that this photo is no longer available .
the fantastic fireworks show wowed the crowd . sunrise on the canyon walls was nothing short of inspiring . a streak of beautiful light flew across the night sky . we had a spectacular view at sunset . the clouds put on quite a show for us .
error message : this photo is no longer available . there is no photo or picture being displayed there is no picture to describe it is an error this said the photo is no longer available . the photo is no longer available for this image .
i went to a girls rugby match today . the girls were pretty big . one of the smaller girls broke away with the ball . this big girl took on 2 smaller ones . the refs were a little confused , but we had fun .
a group of individuals are getting ready to play a game of flag football a group of girls huddling on a field with a ref looking at them three men standing on the sidelines of a football field . the girls are playing puff football on the field . people are standing on a field getting ready for a sports game
the home team was ready for today 's big game . the visiting team huddles for a bit prior to the start of the game . there seemed to be some sort of issue that needed to be resolved between the coaches . after a few minutes , some technicality was explained and soon everyone took position . the game started and proved to be a very exciting afternoon .
a team warms up for a soccer match . a team of girls gathered together in a huddle while the referee watches . the team members are having a discussion on the field before the game . a male helps instruct a group of powder puff football players . a group of young woman playing flag football .
girls getting ready for a game against the other team other group getting ready also the coach getting ready also for a foot ball game the girls do n't look too happy the two team lining up getting ready for the game
several young and large women are outside doing some sports a group of ladies in a huddle on a field . people are standing with each other at the football field . a man and a woman are standing in a field together a group of women playing flag football on the field .
the local bazaar opened today complete with yummy seafood . it was fun to browse the hand woven baskets . we looked through all of the colorful musical instruments . there is so much color here i felt i needed sunglasses ! bikers came for miles to be part of this event .
a big pile of crayfish sit on a silver platter . several sizes , shapes , and colors of woven baskets , and some hats on a rack . a collection of mulit-colored wall hangings is on display in the street . a rack of all different colored tutus and dresses . a row of motorcycles are parked on the street , and the front bike is colored blue .
i went down to the market to buy some seafood . after that we bought some sheets . i also stopped to see if their wicker baskets were any good . we went to grab a ride on the bus . when we got off there was a beautiful motorcycle parked nearby .
crawfish sit on a buffet with other fresh seafood that is ready for sale . a large collection of baskets on the stoop of a building . the art work displayed have been held by a metal stand . a row of colorful festive dresses hang on racks a blue chopper motorcycle is displayed on a sidewalk with other choppers .
i went shopping at the farmers market today with my family . i found a whole bunch of baskets for crafting . i got my grandpa a unique walking cane . my daughter really wanted a tutu from one of the shops . my husband found a blue motorcycle he 's considering buying too .
many lobsters and shrimp fill the bins in the fish market ready to be sold . baskets are stacked up alongside hats inside a large booth . group of ornately painted and decorated didgeridoos for sale this clothes store is filled with brightly colored costumes . several motorcycles parked on sidewalk with people walking with backpacks
there was once an american sniper . he was the best in his class and has saved many lives during his tour . he makes the hard decisions of classifying someone as an enemy or civilian . his decisions are the difference between mass casualty or a single death . to shoot or not is the permanent question in his head .
man with a beard looking thru green binoculars someone wearing camouflage , looking into the scope of a sniper rifle a pair of men in the desert looking under the hood of a car . a soldier is aiming his or her gun at something off-camera a man in combat fatigues in a war tank .
the spotter directs the sniper where to shoot . the sniper zeros in on the dangerous target . one of the local soldiers conducting a routine traffic stop . [male] is ready to back up the local soldiers if something heads location . [male] mans the mini gun in case of hostile activity .
a bearded man looks through a pair of binoculars a person in camouflage is aiming a rifle into the distance . a man is showing another man what he has in the trunk . a soldier is shooting his gun outside during the day . a soldier is on top of a tank with a minimal barricade and a large gun .
the area at the border is really tense . snipers are always ready for whatever 's coming . the locals are used to the guards . the soldiers always seem to be on edge , but their used to their mission . some are more laid back , but still at the ready .
[male] tried every way possible to get a glimpse of the bear in the woods . military practice excercises went on for weeks in the states a bearded man from [location] [location] opening his trunk for a security person . soldier looking through his scope with gun resting on a wall . man appears to be shooting a machine gun .
everyone is out camping in there tent . then when they wake up , people began selling things . at night time people come out and read . more people come read and gather among each other . people began to read to the crowd while they all follow along .
protesters are setting up tents to continue their protest . the people are gathered outside with their blankets a group of people stand in the middle of the city . two guys giving a speech in the middle of a protest . people in traditional religious garb are outside in a plaza at night .
the crowd growing despite the weather . a few of us tried informing the public . most reporters were to busy with other matters . the rally went on strong , as members gave rewarding speeches . later braking out in song to end the night .
people are walking on stone by tents in a city . people are standing still and looking foward during a speech a group of people are clapping for an outdoor performance . group of people standing by two men outside . people are outside at nighttime gathered together looking a books and papers .
there was a parade going on in town . the first event was a choir . they could sing beautifully . afterwards there was a few street talents . my favorite was the guy who acted like a dinosaur . after wards the church gave a speech . by the time the singing ended it was dark . we all had a good time .
a group of people walk by tents set up on the sidewalk . a group of people stand in front of tents appear to be speaking to others . a group of people standing around applauding . a crowd gathers around two men in the city . the group of people was standing up singing
we love fireworks shows . we attend them every year . we attend mostly on new years and the 4th of july . it 's always fun when another fireworks show comes to town . it 's a great time to spend with family .
a group of people standing behind a man holding a large american flag . bright red , white , and blue fireworks explode in the night sky . fireworks are billowing in the sky at night people in white playing trumpets with flasks laid in front of them bridge stands over water across from the railroad track
the whole family was together for the 4th of july fireworks . they were quite beautiful . some looked like falling stars . earlier that day they had gone to a military funeral . the fireworks made them totally forget the sad event .
a man in a top hat is holding a flag on a stick by a group of people at night . red , white and blue fireworks against a black sky beautiful fireworks in the sky , celebrating independence day . a band is doing a performance in the grass . a railroad track that is near a body of water .
we 're celebrating independence day ! we were able to see some great fireworks ! this one looks like a dandelion floating in the wind . earlier we saw a band practicing for the parade . this is the location location location . this is where they launched the fireworks .
a group of people that support american culture . a display of fireworks is being photographed . bright fireworks going off in a dark night sky . people in matching outfits play matching instruments outside . a railroad track off a lake with a bridge over it
my dad got a whole head tattoo . now he looks good with my mom who also tattooed her whole head blue . they went to the uso nostalgia bar to celebrate . misery and death showed up to spoil the party . soon everybody began to leave .
stuffed tiger in a hammock hanging from a ceiling in a room with a jungle theme . a person is smiling at the person in a mask . a man and a woman , the woman is wearing a witch mask . ladies standing on the top of a bar in costumes . three young ladies dressed in costume dancing with a tropical scene .
there were a lot of costumes at the party last night . they were all very scary . there were some dancers up on the stage as well . the people in the scary costumes stayed at the party for a while . i left because they were scaring me .
a painted mural incorporates a jungle scene populated with animals from [location] . a man laughing a scary grey full face mask . a man posing for a picture with someone wearing a witch mask . four ladies in scandalous clothing on a bar . people are dancing in police and army outfits
the stage is set for a halloween party . this guest does n't seem very scared of the ghoul ! people were having a good time trying on scary masks . some of the ladies decided to go all out with their costumes . everybody was having a good time dancing and showing off their costumes .
a jungle themed mural and decorations in a restaurant . a man in a scarey mask who is not scaring the other person but bringing him great joy and silliness . a man standing next to someone with a plastic mask over their face three african american woman stand on a bar wearing halloween costumes while a fourth woman sits next to them the floor show at this particular venue was sexy and rocking .
it was halloween and the family was getting ready to take pictures . first up , the kids and their batman costumes ! next , everyone was finally ready to take the family picture . the dad tried to get the baby to look at the camera . after a long day of taking pictures , it was time to go trick or treating .
the family had their halloween costume and there about to have picture taking brother and sister posing as batman and [female] the family is dressed as batman characters for halloween a man sitting on a wooden post is holding a baby and both are dressed as super heroes . two kids are dressed in costumes for halloween .
last week we had a pizza party for the class for halloween . i let all of the kids dress up for the day . everyone brought some very unique costumes . all of the children had a great time . i made sure to dress up as well .
a man in a batman shirt and black pants and shoes with kids . 2 small children posing outdoors in batman and robin costumes two men are carying the babies on thier laps a man in a batman costume is holding and gazing at an infant wearing a [female] costume . two children are ready to trick-or-treat on halloween .
for halloween , the bennigan family dressed up as batman and [female] . this family of 5 had 3 batmans and 2 organization . the oldest daughter [female] and her brother [male] really liked their costumes . they felt like superheroes . the father and mother were both dressed as batman and the baby [male] was dressed as [female] . mr bennigan was very proud of his baby [female] . [female] and [male] had so much fun trick or treating that night with their plastic pumpkins to hold all the candy .
the people sit around looking at the baby . a couple of kids are dressed up as super heroes adults with their three children on halloween with fall background . a man is holding a little boy in his arms . two children dressed in halloween costumes and posing for the picture .
today we are taking a hike , first we need food . here we are just taking a rest before we go . i do not even want to know what that is . we are hungry , we found this convenient little cafe during our hike . all done , ready to go back hiking .
two young people with bikes and a lot off luggage . two people sitting down in a shelter with benches in the woods . the squirrel left some of his hair on the ground . friends are having beer at a picnic table . people are seen sitting at a wooden table with glasses on it
today we took my nephews to get their bikes fixed . afterward we took a truck ride to a local brewery . we had to go through the woods . we saw many creatures along the way . they beer was so good . it was worth the journey . we drank too many , but it was ok. we were n't driving .
a couple of people are posing behind a bicycle . a couple smiling for a picture in the green forest . the pelt of a gray , furry animal is laying among brown leaves in the grass . four adults sitting together at a picnic table with glasses of beer some people are sitting at a table drinking beer
my son 's were more then ready for the trip out into the woods . as soon as we got there [female] had set up the camera to take some pictures . this little guy wasted no time getting into one of her shots though . after hiking around for a bit we had worked up a bit of a hunger . good thing for all of us , [female] is not only an amazing person , but also an amazing cook .
two people are near a bicycle loaded with gear . the lady in pink is smiling with the man in the hoodie the skunk laid there as if it were dead four people smiling and drinking beer together at a table . a group sits at an outside patio table drinking beer .
last week we went to try out a new restaurant that just opened up . there were a lot of people dining there . we waited for a few minutes and then they seated us . the food was delicious . after we ate we ordered dessert to go .
the prices at [organization] 's fish market are written on a white board customers are sitting at outdoor tables at a restaurant . a group of american airman enjoying lunch out on the town . a meal with rice , some greens , and some meat . toffee cream cheese dessert is in a covered plastic container .
the bakery was stocked with goods . patrons had their favorites they waited in line for . the menu was large and diverse . and offered something for everyone . outside there was patio seating .
a menu that is giving information about the food on sale . a group of people sit under umbrellas at tables in front of a restaurant . trio of uniformed military personnel sit at table indoors in well attended eatery . a food tray that consists of meats and vegetables . cheesecake sold by the piece in a labeled cake pan .
this is nico 's fish market . it is a small business . it has an outdoor diner and an indoor diner that includes a bar . the food is juicy and fresh and made by a great cook . if you get full on the entree , you can take your desert to go . it is a really nice place to have a meal .
the white sign is displaying the day 's lunch menu . people site at outdoor tables in front of a restaurant . a group of people eating inside of a restaurant . a tray of chinese take out food , including rise and meat . a container of snacks has its identity written on its clear cover .
here for the dream project . where we build homes and help feed and cloth people . this is our poster . some of our awesome food . these are some of the buildings where people get haircuts and clothes . here , they teach job placement skills .
a dirt road has huge puddles of water a banner is hung on the inside of a chain link fence . the fence appears to surround a school in the tropics . a man can just be seen sitting in the background . a plate of rice and greens sits on the plaid tablecloth . large white home in the background surrounded by a half stone wall atopped with bushes the students wait for the teacher to begin her powerpoint presentation .
i went to my friends place to visit him . he had some drinks for us . we had a great time there . we burned some of the food . afterward we played some video games on the t.v .
a muddy , puddle filled street between shanties in a tropical area . a banner that is hanging on the metal fence . a white plate with a rice dish on it and a fork and spoon to either side of the plate . a stone wall and hedges provide the fence for this house a group of people sit facing a projector screen .
was headed to my friends house and noticed the sky looks alittle cloudy.hope it does n't rain . while we waited on some food to start cooking we had a couple drinks . after the drinks it was about time to start preparing the other dishes.so we chopped and cut some vegetables . unfortunately we burnt dinner and ran off to the bathroom to put out a small fire.the kitchen sink was full of dishes . after ordering take out food , we decide to watch sports on tv because it started raining like i thought it would earlier.overall it was a great time with friends .
a boy walks down a muddy road between dilapidated houses . a sign for `` the dream project '' is behind a chain linked fence . the food was great and very tasty it was really enjoyable . a brick wall laden with bushes surrounds a neighborhood the people are looking at images on the projector .
the family all gathered around for dinner . we made some noodles . we also had tariyaki chicken . [female] pulled out the organization . they joked around as she snapped some pictures .
large family all gathered around a table serving a big meal . a casserole covered with some type of greenery . large display of food set on top of a white plate on a table . a woman holding a camera in the foreground , with a man in the background . two people are making faces at a table .
our family recently went out together for a meal . this dish was my favorite since i really like noodles . there was a plate of meat for those that liked that . i took a lot of pictures and got some good ones . i like this photo where they were trying hard to be comical .
a family poses for a photo at the dinner table while someone carves a bird . a bowl is full of pasta garnished with basil . the food is presented on the plate so nicely . a women is holding a camera with a man in the background wearing a red shirt . two asian adults are making funny faces . they are sitting in front of a brick wall .
the whole family gathered for dinner . there was lots of food . we made some wonderful traditional dishes . mom took lots of photos . everyone was posing for her .
a family is posing for a photo at the table . parsley has been sprinkled over some yellow noodles the food is stacked neatly on the plate . a lady with a camera at dinner with a man man and woman sitting by a red brick wall .
my husband and i are so proud of our daughter . she finally graduated from elementary school today . the rest of the parents were just as excited as we were . she shook her teacher 's hand and passed over into the next grade . all of the kids held up their diplomas with pride .
a woman speaks from a podium which has a large bouquet of flowers in front . a class of young people stands on the stage at school with their teacher , holding their certificates . young children with papers posing for a picture young girl onstage with two women during ceremony . a class of grade school children have their picture taken with awards or diplomas .
mrs. [female] was telling them all how proud she was of them . it was honors night for the 8th grade . most of the kids were from underprivileged homes . [female] had done exceedingly well . especially considering she was from a foster home and had been in many .
a lady is distracted as she steps up to speak a group of elementary school students stands of the stage . a class of children holding their certificates , stand with their teacher . a smiling girl shakes hands with a woman while another looks on . boys and girls hold up signs at a school event .
mrs. hoffman 's choir class performed at the school today . the choir sang many classic songs . all of the children put on the best performance the school had ever seen . after the concert the children from the choir received rewards . mrs.hoffman was so proud of her very talented choir .
a woman is speaking behind a podium with a very large bouquet of white and red flowers in front of her . a group of students getting their picture taken standing on a stand . a group of children are holding their diplomas . a young girl getting an award at a ceremony a group of people that are standing on a blue bench .
this is my friend . he invited me to go to a concert with him . i am so excited to be going to a concert ! the band is playing . i love this band ! they are the best . i am so excited to be here ! what a great concert ! i am having such a good time . i 'm so glad i was able to come !
a close-up of a man smiling at the camera . women with barret in hair shows teeth while wearing glasses strobe lights illuminate a stage in front of rows packed with fans . the people are watching the man dance on the stage . a screen with baby projected on it in purple
it is hard to see the screen from here . i agree , i can not see the screen either . probably should move closer . the band is playing really good . ca n't hardly see them though . it is so loud and crazy in here , but i am enjoying it . really hot and humid in here with everybody at this concert .
a man with brown hair and messed up eyebrows smiling . a woman that is turned toward the camera with mouth open a concert is going and a display of bright beam lights sets the mood . a musical performer is highlighted with red stage lights . a lit up sign that says baby on it
[male] was on his way to the rave concert . [female] was riding with [male] . they really enjoyed the concert . the performer was great . it was by a band called [male] .
dark haired dark eyed adult male grinning at camera a young lady turned around in her seat wearing glasses and a star clip in her hair . the concert under the awning with the light coming off the stage a performer ( probably male ) is on stage with red stage lights on him . a screen in a darkened movie theater shows the block letters `` baby '' in bright pink , projected on a pink square . the silhouette of a head slightly blocks the corner of the movie screen .
i went to my first beer tasting today . there were many different kinds to choose from . i met a lot of great people there . i even ran into the president of the organization ' association ! all in all , it was a perfect day .
two men are smiling for a picture with light shining on them groups of people seated outside under trees and tents . several people stand near the counter waiting for drinks . a man is standing in front of a barrel full of beer a middle age man holding a bear standing in front of several kegs .
our friend opened a brewery in our city . the brewery features a variety of beers . many guests gathered to try some of the beers outside the brewery . a local newscaster visited the brewery . at the end of the day , more guests than anticipated arrived .
two men pose together while a light shines in their faces people sit in chairs under a green tree . people stand by a counter surrounded by beer kegs the kegs were ready to be tapped a man is standing in front of a bunch of beer and toasting .
my buddy and i are going to a beer festival . we are early and not too many people are here . the tasting room is set up . they are poring right from the kegs . that is the look of happiness on my face .
two business men dressed up , man has arm around the other people sitting outside of a restaurant eating and socializing . a variety of men standing at a counter in a brewery . getting ready to get a drink one out of many barrels . a man holds a glass of beer while standing in front of multiple kegs .
it was veteran 's day and the weather was beautiful for a parade . each branch of the service sent representatives to honor the day . veterans and supporters came from all over the country . there was a large crowd and the atmosphere was very patriotic . the highlight was when the vice president arrived to make a speech .
a depiction of the american flag with a building in the background . a man in a uniform holding a flag a couple on a motorcycle with the passenger waving her hand . a group of bikers surrounded by a long line of persons holding flags . a police helicopter in med air on a cloudy day .
this is a picture of a soldier . this is a picture of a helicopter . this is a picture of cops on motorcycles . this is a picture of a man on a motorcycle . a flag is waving in the distance .
the american flag is hanging off of the building . a young marine holding a flag stands at attention . a woman waves from the back of a motorcycle that a man is driving . people looking on as other people ride on motorcycles . police helicopter flies through the blue skies with white clouds .
there were a lot of people at the funeral . there were a lot of news helicopters in the air as well . many bikers showed up to the event as well . there had a lot of different kinds of motorcycles . i watched all of them come in .
a flag being held up at a gathering in front of a monument . a young man in a soldier 's uniform is holding a flag . a man with sunglasses that is carrying another person . a crowd watching a group of bikers coming down the street . the police helicopter is flying through the cloudy sky .
today , i went shopping . it was a wonderful experience . i saw all my friends while i was out . i passed by a lady . it was a good day
there is a very cluttered hallway with many piled boxes . a woman in a market takes notes on a white notepad . the person is sitting in front of the luggage . the woman is reading at her booth of goods . large assortment of products displayed on store shelves and racks .
upon reaching my destination to journey through the world , i was surprised to find such young people working . we strolled down the street until we found this vendor selling us some bread for dinner . it is always interesting to see how other parts of the world treat their elderly . i was pleasantly surprised on this trip . i was fun to see all the different items that the store owners sold . but , i just had to take this picture because it was just so unbelievable that someone would be messing with their feet inside the store . oh well , i guess it is ok to do that here .
a man carries many things through a tunnel-shaped storage area . a woman checking off a list in front of some groceries . a woman takes notes in front of a backpack display . a woman sits in front of a vendor booth on a sidewalk in [location] . a person sitting next to many different items in plastic wrappers .
last thursday i was playing with my toys when i heard some call my name . i went over to my mom and asked her if she called me but she said no . i went to my grandma but she said no too . my sister also said no . my other sister also said no . i guess no one called me .
a man is carrying supplies into a back room . a woman writing something down on a notepad . a man is sitting down next to a number of bags . woman sits next to assortment of items for sale at shop . a woman sitting next to the goods she sells at the market .
before the sun set , we were preparing for our night 5k run . it did not take long before the streets were dark . some of the racers were doing more chatting than racing . the city was full of spectators , racers , and other people who were there to have a fun evening in the city . my favorite part of the evening was running through this section of crowded street while getting high fives as i passed by .
bikes and motorcycles line this parking lot with palm trees in the background . a group of people at night walking the sidewalks in a city . the large group of people are walking down the street . one person is running past a sign and a light pole . two women smiling for a picture after a foot race .
we are here for a mother and daughter marathon run happening in the city tonight . the city and sidewalks look like a blur when i am running . even the people are blurs as i run past them . everyone who has finished the marathon already are gathered at the finishing line . the runners who already finished are at the finish line to cheer on the other runners .
an outdoor view of a night event attended by a large crowd a crowd of people gather in an area of the city at nighttime . block party with many people in the street of a city a banner that is an advertisement for the runners . two women are standing together in front of a tent .
the race line up started in the very early morning . we git a good start . there was a large crowd already . my favorite was running by the river . i saw my friend at the finish line .
a street with several people on bikes lined up waiting or watching something a large gathering of people in a public area at night . several people are walking at night time in the city . a large blue and white banner advertises a marathon . two woman hugging after a race smiling at the camera .
visited my family today for church services . this is my brother , [male] , and my aunt [female] . church was just getting over . two of my other uncles and me . had to stop by to see my cousin , han . he had to work today . jet and i went for a ride afterward .
a family dressed in formal wear poses for a photo . a mom and her son stand in a church together . adults posing for photo at indoor lobby area . a man sits in front of his computer in an office . an older couple is taking a spin on a motor bike .
my whole family came to visit me in location today . my mom and dad showed up first . then my grandparents and cousin came to see me . my brother could care less , he just wanted to play on his computer . i took my dad out for a ride on my scooter while he was in town .
the family is gathered together for a photo . a woman and a young man posing for a picture inside a house of worship . three people , asian nationality , fact the camera . two men who appear to be middle-aged are on the sides , with a younger woman in the center . the men are holding books or papers . they are all wearing winter jackets . an old asian man using a white computer . an older couple sitting on a motor scooter .
the whole family poses during the reunion . [male] and [female] smile for the camera ! the siblings are happy to be together again . [male] works at his computer . [female] and [male] went on a motorcycle ride .
people standing next to each other in front of a window . the woman in the read hat is holding on to the boy and smiling . three asian individuals standing together holding books and wearing jackets . a man is in his office , working on the computer a young couple are smiling as they sit on a white motorbike .
here i am taking a break before my next set . [female] played the keyboard for awhile while i was gone . but then i came back and awed everyone with my melancholy tunes . not a dry eye was left in the house as i played . my wife [female] said it was like hearing inside of eternity .
three women standing together . the woman in the foreground is about to eat something . a woman is smiling while holding a beer in her hand . a blonde woman laughs as she plays a green wooden instrument . a person in a fur coat and leather hat playing a guitar . two women are looking in a mirror and smiling
i went to a party last night . all my friends were there . we played games . one friend brought his guitar and played . we had so much fun together and we laughed all night..
young people who are drinking beer and enjoying themselves out party several women outdoors under decorative lighting , with one enjoying a drink . a young blonde girl is playing a stringed instrument a nicely dressed man with cowboy hat playing guitar most of the girls are standing with their backs to the camera .
he was a huge [male] [male] vaughan fan . even though he grew up taking piano , he had taught himself to play guitar . he sounded like [male] [male] . he looked like [male] [male] . he was so good some people were convinced he was [male] [male] vaughan 's reincarnation .
three young women drinking and smiling at a party the two women are drinking under the string lights . a woman is playing with a toy on the couch . someone in a hat and fur coat playing guitar a group of young adults are crowded in a small indoor space .
[male] and [female] have their wedding on the sea . her dad takes her down the aisle . she patiently awaits for the ceremony to begin . the ceremony ends in the traditional jewish fashion . the newlyweds jump on a boat and head to their honeymoon .
a white life preserver and a wedding cake at a wedding . a woman is escorted down the aisle of her wedding by her father . a group of people that are dressed in white attire . a bunch of people are watching a jewish ceremony a small boat with a cover pulls into the dock .
such a beautiful wedding display . the beautiful bride and her father walking down the isle . saying their vows to each other . crushing of the glass ceremony . the bride and groom leaving on their little boat !
decoration displayed next to table with wedding cake . father escorting his daughter down the aisle to her soon to be husband . a bride standing with two groomsmen at her wedding reception . the groom steps on a glass during a wedding ceremony . a small pink boat floating on blue waters
we are so glad that we are finally married now . there were a lot of people there . they all sat down to wait for the ceremony to begin . afterward we had a lot of fun playing wedding games together . it was a very nice day for the wedding .
the tugboat is right next to the wedding cake . a wedding bride and an older man arm in arm walking . these are people at a wedding and includes the bride and groom . a family looks on as the groom smashes the wine glass with his foot at a jewish wedding . a boat that carries the kids of the islands .
beginning his speech , the man used no slides . but only five minutes in , he turned the projector on . he went through the speech pointing out details he 'd highlighted on the slides . as he neared the end of his speech he was pleased to see that the students were still paying attention . for his efforts , he was awarded with a token of gratitude .
a man with a black shirt in front of a projection screen . a man in a black shirt at the front of a class . a man wearing black sweater is standing while counting his fingers a man standing in front of projector screen is talking . a man and woman are standing in front of a presentation screen
my ceo gave his presentation today . everyone in the company was there . he talked about where we were . how healthy the company was and where he saw it going . he was then given a gift for his birthday .
a man in black is giving a lecture with slides . an elderly man that is in front of the classroom . the man is up in front giving a presentation . the man is speaking in front of the projector . two adults stand in room with similar objects in hands .
i went to hear a speech by a local motivational speaker . his speech was unique , and helped me make some goals for myself . he even included a slide show with his presentation . he also included the audience , which helped us to be more attentive . here he is giving me a copy of his book .
an old man in a black shirt holding his hand out looking over in a direction . man stands before audience in classroom like setting . a college professor is engaged in a lecture with his students . a man is speaking to a group of people very happy man who must have won an award or is retiring .
when we got the airport it was very emotional . we were very glad to see our family and friends after being away for so long . they were all happy to see us as well . it was a great day . afterward we all grabbed everyone 's luggage and went to a restaurant .
the women are getting ready to go on a vacation . women in an air terminal with pom poms and gifts . three adult women pose for a picture at an indoor event . a woman in a blue shirt smiles for the camera two women with bags embrace each other in public .
on the last day of the trip , everyone met at the airport to say goodbye . there were silly poses . there were sweet moments too . someone snapped a quick picture of mom . and then finally , the goodbye hugs before taking the escalator to the terminal .
the woman is posing with pom poms in her hand . the crowd is waiting for people to arrive at an airport . three women going on a trip are posing for a picture . a woman walking out of the airport two women about to engage in a hug at airport
the group of friends arrived early in the morning to relay race . groups of participants waited in line to get checked in . next , the race finally began and the participants were off ! 5 miles later , the finish line was finally approaching . the group of friends took a picture after accomplishing their marathon !
group of ladies , one of which is acting silly , in an airport . people cheering at the top of an escalator at an airport a group of friends pause for a photo in an airport lobby . a blonde woman in a long sleeved blue shirt smiling in an airport a couple of people getting ready to hug each other .
it was a beautiful day for our wedding . the ceremony was professional . we even wrote our own vows . we held hands during the ceremony , symbolizing the relationship we both share with each other . we posed for pictures after the ceremony .
a woman and a man walk hand in hand in the woods . a man and a woman with a string around their necks holding a silver bowl . two people being joined in holy matrimony in the woods a man and a woman is holding hands . their hands are coated with sand or some similar kind of gritty substance . a couple poses for a picture on a path in the forest .
walking down the winding path , the couple stood hand in hand , eager to make their vows when they arrived at the bottom . the first order of business was to wash their hands inside a basin , which would show them purifying themselves for each other . afterwards the couple then read their own self written vows to each other . another part of the ceremony was to join hands with clay , showing that they would be bound together . after the ceremony began to walk back on the path , now husband and wife .
a man and woman walking hand-in-hand down a wooded trail a group of people are enjoying each others companionship in the forest . a wedding with only the bride , groom , a witness and the person marrying them . a man and a woman have dipped their hands together is a clay . a couple is taking a picture together .
[male] had their ceremony in a nice forest . they had a native american ceremony after the [male] one . they washed their sins at the river and the ceremony ended . the reception was a vegan creation . everyone had stomach aches and were miserrable because of the food .
lady in a blue dress holding a man 's hand while going into the forest a man and a woman are both holding a bowl and have a string connecting them around their necks . this is a woman proposing to a man close-up view of a man and woman holding hands . a couple hold each other and pose for a picture outdoors
she was bad bad girl that night [male] was crusing for some hot guys with some hot buns [male] was interested in [male] ! darth maul showed up and caused trouble he left with the hottest chick at the party !
a woman dressed in a revealing outfit a man is wearing a large purple hat a man standing up holding a cocktail drink photo of a partygoer in a halloween costume . a couple is dressed up for a halloween party .
we went to a costume party for halloween . this lady won the prize for least costume worn . we have no idea who this guy was supposed to be , but he sure was fun to party with . this guy tried to be someone from a boy band . one of our friends dressed up as death . here 's us - not a very cohesive couple for costumes this year !
the woman is halfway naked and drunk taking a photo the man is wearing a purple hat and jacket to match . a guy with shiny black clothes stands drinking a beer . a person displays their scary black star wars sith costume . the man is dressed as a demon and the woman as a hula girl .
[female] was certainly adventurous at the party with this little number . [male] was the life of the party with this joker 's outfit . suzy was all smiles in a bloody roman toga . [female] and justing needed some fresh air . [male] and [female] were total opposites at the party .
the woman is wearing a white strappy outfit . there 's a white dude wearing a wife beater and a pimp hat , fur coat , and gold chain , while holding a glass of wine . a man in a leather jacket standing next to two chairs . a person in a halloween costume depicting death she had some reservations about going to the party with him
i love our new house . it is so beautiful . i love everything about it . i 'm so happy we bought it . everything is great .
a house with white picket fence and potted plants is pictured on a sunny day . all the drawers are painted white in colour and they have all been closed . a vintage kitchen table and chairs with a rug underneath . fantastic living area decorated in red , black and blue . the scene of a bedroom featuring wooden floor and chandelier
we move into our new house tomorrow . the kitchen is small but functional . the dining room will be a great place to host parties . the living room is elegant . and the bedroom is gorgeous .
a partially brick home with two peaks with the front yard covered in a potted flower garden with a white picket.fence . empty kitchen with flower pots on window sill on sunny day dining area inside residence near windows and entryway . a pair of comfortable sofas and a chair surround a coffee table in this photo of a living room . a bed that is made with pillows and a comforter with a chandelier hanging above the bed .
i just moved into town and i am looking for a house . this house looks nice , let 's see how it looks inside . the kitchen is perfect ! just the right size . not too big , not too small . the dining room is not my favorite color , but looks nice regardless of the color . i will probably repaint it . the living room is very nice . pretty simple , which is how i like it . the most important part of the house is the bathroom , to me . it looks marvelous ! i think this is going to be the house for me !
two story home , in a shade of brown , has a white picket fence in the front the kitchen has white cupboards and a white fridge a dining room modestly decorated with a hutch and mirror . parlor with hardwood floors , bay windows , and chandelier . clean room with a bed , dreser , and chandelier
students gather outside of the lecture hall before class . a different view is shown as the picture taker stands upstairs peering down at the mingling students . a replica of a ground satellite perches on a wooden stand in the corner of the room . class begins as the instructor speaks to the class while standing in front of the chalkboard and projector . information is shown on the overhead projector as students take notes .
a group of people sitting around eating and laughing . people sitting and talking in a reception in a building a large art piece featuring a satellite dish on a tall , wooden box stands in the corner of room . two men stand in front of a room full of people . man standing under a projector screen in a classroom .
i went to the science fair last week . there were many different booths . i saw a lot of different equipment there . there was also a presentation . it was very insightful .
people standing around and sitting in a large area . a overhead shot of various tables set up and people conversing . display of large satellite dish , with educational information on the adjacent wall . a classroom with students and some strange instructions on the blackboard . a young man gives a presentation in front of a group of people .
today we took an adult field trip to the most boring museum ever . they had exhibits of people just sitting around doing nothing . they also had a satellite which was random , but it was interesting to see . there was a faux classroom where we had to listen to a lecture . there was even an overhead presentation .
this lobby is busy with walkers and sitters . the people are talking around the area inside . an art piece resembling a satellite dish sits next to a wall . a picture of a presentation being done inside a lecture hall . a man standing in front of a classroom of people with computers .
the hockey players are lined up ready to play after the anthem . spectators and fans are cheering for their teams . people are happy when their team scores big . [male] he release the balloon light inside or outside . the light coming through the trees looks inviting .
the [location] mens hockey team lined up on the ice . a group of individuals are clapping at a game . a woman smiles and throws her hands in the air . a man in a black jacket is lighting a lantern fireworks as seen through bare trees at night event .
it was game day here and we were all gearing up to have a good time . here we are in our box waiting on the game to start . at the end of the game they set off fireworks out side . we tried to get some good pics but the trees got in the way . here is another pic of the fireworks again . i sometimes wish i had a better camera . at the end our team won . here i am celebrating .
[location] hockey team lining up on the blue line prior to a game some fans are rooting for a canadian team . while watching the event the woman is overcome with joy and raises her arms in rejoice and glee while the rest of the people around are watching with intent . men are setting off flammable lanterns at night . fireworks shine through the night-darkened branches of a tree .
we had a lot of fun at the canadian rally ! grandma and grampa showed me that there were fireworks ! there was a really neat one that we could see through trees . there was a huge firework in the sky too ! grandma and grampa loved it ! they want to come back to location next year too !
a olympic hockey team standing on the ice before a game . a woman in a blue layered with purple shirt and magenta gloves clapping . a woman cheers next to her husband in front of a crowd . a man prepares to release a beautiul white lantern into the night sky . fireworks going off at night , seen through trees .
graduation is the time for reflection and remembering all the years you were there . all the graduates are ready and happy to move forward in their lives . throwing their hats is a signal of the excitement they are feeling on this day . his family looks so proud of the graduates accomplishments . there is nothing at all like the love of your family and closest friends .
a man in cap and gown during a graduation ceremony . a graduation with the students wearing black and white cap and gowns . large gathering of graduating class at outdoor ceremony . a woman with short hair clasps her hands together . a man with a hat that is smiling next to a woman .
today our son graduated . there were many people graduating with him it was a big class . there were so many of them they had to bring out more chairs . his sister was very proud of him and was a little teary eyed . we enjoyed a nice dinner after the ceremony .
a young male on the day of his graduation the guy that stood facing the graduate was looking for his friend . graduates dressed in black and white sit as the ceremony continues . a woman wearing jewelry and a black shirt while sitting on a restaurant . an image of two people that are getting married
the man stood waiting during the graduating ceremony . the whole graduating class patiently waits during the ceremony . after the ceremony , the class takes a group picture . the man 's family is so proud of him for graduating . he celebrates with his younger sister at the end of the day .
a man with a black cap and gown waits . school dressed in white and black cap and gown sunny out doors huge crowd of people throwing their graduation hats up in the air the woman is sitting at the table with her hands folded over her mouth . this couple is having fun together at a restaurant .
children sit diligently in the classroom . the teddy bear lays alone on the chair . a boy holds up his red beanie baby . the girl in the stripes holds up her pink mouse . the little girl holds up her taupe bear .
a group of kids sitting in desks doing school work . the teddy bear is wrapped up in a blanket . a boy sits in a classroom holding a pink and red teddy bear and a red pencil with an orange eraser . an elementary school aged girl smiles as she holds a pink stuffed animal . a girl is sitting in her classroom holding a stuffed animal .
today is read a book to a bear day at school . each student brought in a stuffed animal to read to . some students have small bears to read to . everyone then wrote a letter to their friend thanking them for visiting . our teachers bear name is [female] .
a classroom with the focus on an asian girl wearing a red shirt . a teddy bear covered in a dark blanket a young boy holding a red teddy bear and pencil . a girl with her stuffed animals while at school . girl in a classroom holding a white teddy bear .
we had a test before we had our weekly show and tell in class . i brought my favorite brown bear . the boy who sits beside me brought his lucky teddy bear . my best friend brought her favorite mouse . the new girl brought her little white bear .
a student in a red sweater is writing something . the teddy bear is wrapped comfortably in a blanket the little boy is holding a beany baby that matches his shirt . a little girl is holding a pink toy . a girl inside a classroom sitting at her desk and holding a white teddy bear
the umbrella catches the light . he 's taking a picture of you taking a picture of him . they share some smiles together . he takes a moment to kiss the baby . he 's getting ready to nurse that beer .
a umbrella has the sun shining through it . a man in a black shirt takes a cellphone photo of the cameraman . people are feeding their babies as the drunk lady asks for more beer a man sat outside kissing a baby on the side of the head . a man in sunglasses looks off to the right while holding a beer .
friends are gathered together having a few drinks . even the baby is enjoying some outdoor time as he takes his bottle in mom 's lap . a couple of friends casually lounging in chairs . one guy tries out his hipster look for the camera . a woman sits alone at the table with a bottle of wine .
an umbrella is sitting in the sun and trees a man that is seated holds up his cellphone to take a picture . a group of small people sitting outside while holding their little children . a man sits kissing the side of an infant 's head . the man wearing sunglasses is drinking beer with others and relaxing in the backyard .
the midday sun shone orange yellow through the umbrella . a semi-drunk man took a picture with an old style camera . the family smiled ; all except sad suzy , who contemplated her beverage . a father tells his son he 's still too young to drink . his brother , however , is old enough to indulge , and does .
a large orange umbrella sits in front of trees bathed in orange light . a person holds a phone as if taking a picture . the woman is holding her red plastic cup middle aged man kissing a baby that 's sitting on his lap . a man in a t-shirt and sunglasses is chilling with a beer .
when the day started , these men began working on the cathedral . they installed a frame to structure the clock . these two men wasted most of their time and worked very little . they were replaced by two other workers who worked quickly . they were almost finished with the clock by night time .
two men are working on the clock in a stone steeple . a repair man working in front of the face of a cloth on a tower two man are on a scaffolding working to repair a clock on a tower . workmen on scaffolding repairing a clock on a building . construction workers repair a clock while high up on scaffolding .
the clock in the tower was overdue for restoration . the workers removed the temporary center of the clock face . finally , it comes free and the workers can move on to the next step . working on the scaffolding outside is scary , but necessary to get access to the clock face . we ca n't wait to see the clock when its fully restored .
people are working on the clock on the tower . a maintenance worker inspects the insides of a large clock . two men on a scaffold are working on the clock in a tower . two workman on a scaffold repairing a clock on the side of a brick building . two construction workers repair a clock on the face of a building .
the clock tower was in desperate need of repair . the scaffolding was the first step . everything needed to be properly braced . it was slow and difficult work . everything had to be done very carefully . this part required two people to lift the clock face . there we go , almost set now .
a clock tower made of stone , with a worker performing a task on the clock . a view from inside a clock tower is showing a man with a blue hard hat setting the clock face onto the steel frame two men standing on a scaffold next to a clock tower . two workers repair a large clock on a builing three construction workers are installing a window from a yellow scaffold .
this was the wedding chapel for today 's wedding . first , we all went out on a house boat . we mingled with all the other guests . i helped pick out the cake for the day , and it was really exciting to see it . here i am with the bride during the reception . today was great .
a large group of people stands outside a church . a marina full of docked boats with sails closed . three people are having a conversation at a party . a wedding cake covered in roses sits on a table . the bride and her friend are glowing with happiness .
everyone was excited for today 's wedding . the event was situated on an island , surrounded by clear waters . the guests were also having the time of their lives . the wedding cake is as beautiful as everyone expects it to be . a beautiful scenery in the sky concluded the wonderful day .
the church was overflowing as the people came out of the foyer a marina with a lot of yachts parked there adults enjoying themselves at indoor gathering with refreshments . a tall wedding cake includes layers covered with red roses . a bride and friend posing for a picture together .
last week [female] got married at her church . she had her reception at a marina . there , all her friends and family gathered to celebrate . they even had a huge cake in the shape of a lighthouse . at the end of the reception , [female] said good bye to all her friends .
it 's a great gathering for services this day . a dock full of sailboats in a countries port . the people are enjoying themselves at the party . a beautiful white cake with red rose petals . two young women slightly embracing in a building
the night begins with getting all of the costumes ready and put on . the dinosaur one was really hot . here are a couple of the guests dressed as medusa , a famous and mythical gorgon , and a hobo . here we have an old-fashioned pilgrim woman holding her traditional baby-giraffe . the baby-giraffe is making his rounds to all the guests here . now a biker is holding him . there are a couple care bears in attendance as well ; the whole night was a fun and memorable experience for all those involved .
an adult woman models herself wearing a purple dragon costume . someone dressed in a purple and blue dinosaur costume woman in a medusa costume with her arm around a bare chested man . kid wearing a giraffe costume being supported by an adult posing in a black and red witch costume .
my husband and i decided to make this halloween a special one . thats me starring as gozilla . our neighbours the organization joined us with their own idea of fun . thats the special one - my first born- who is also celebrating his first birthday . he is trying to get comfortable with his aunt - my elder sister . apparently he is more comfortable with his uncle - my sister 's husband . when my sister is into this , can my kid brother be far behind ? that 's him with his fiance in tow for added measure .
a lady dressed in a partial purple dinosaur costume a man in a snake costume gets ready for a party a woman is dressed in a costume and posing with a man . a small child wearing a giraffe costume stands in front of an adult . a woman in a skimpy outfit with fishnets and boots smiles on a couch .
the woman did n't normally like parties but she wanted to spend time with her friends on halloween so she threw a party at her apartment . before the guests arrived she put the finishing touches on her costume . her best friend and her husband showed up first , dressed to impressed . they had brought their baby and had even dressed her up in an adorable giraffe costume . one woman that came wore a sexy outfit and kept flirting with all the men .
a middle aged woman putting on a child like purple and blue dragon costume . a woman is getting dressed in a large , purple dinosaur costume . two people are dressed up in some costumes a toddler is dressed in a giraffe costume with an adult standing behind . girl sitting on the couch in a slutty red costume wearing black boots
our sports teams showed great spirit this week . they always play fair and friendly . the guys team is fast and furious as always . they like to pull surprise moves on their opponents . the cheerleaders keep the spirit alive for us all .
two girls in uniform playing basketball on a court . two young woman on different teams playing basketball . an action shot at a youth basketball game with three of each team in the photo . two basketball players , one dribbling and one trying to guard him a girls cheerleading team is standing with their arms out .
here are our basketball tryouts for 2015 girls and boys basketball . these are some great players this year . they are gon na work hard to earn a trophy . here are the guys and they are every bit good and hyper to play . look at those moves . the skills on these guys will prove we will prevail both boys and girls . here are the cheerleaders cheering them on in there free time .
two teenage girls are playing basket ball while another play watches them a girl is looking for someone to throw the basketball to on her team . basketball player running with the ball past a line of other players . offensively dribbling the ball to shoot a basket cheerleading squad putting on a performance in a school gym .
the basketball game was very exciting . there were many good players there . i had a great time watching . it was a very close game . i 'm very glad that i went .
women are playing basketball near a scoreboard with a tie score of 0 two girls playing basketball in a gym while parents watch.. two teams playing basketball , where the [organization] are in white uniforms . a basketball player in white drives against his opponent in front of people . a school cheerleading squad practices in a gymnasium .
i made a special cake for my friend for his birthday . i invited everyone of our friends . it was very crowded in the small apartment . everyone enjoyed the cake . some people wanted seconds .
everybody gathered around the two employees and smiled the twins made in [location] a way to go a group of people gathered in a cafe . contestants gather in a line to try their luck at the game . a man in a black shirt holding a plate of food .
this was the office going away party for huang and wang our representatives for location office . we got them a cake and most everyone stayed after hours to say good bye . this was the moment when they were forced to give a speech . they did n't expect this so it was quite amusing watching them try to shy away . huang making the first cut of the cake so we could finally partake .
a group of men pose of a picture , two of them wearing polo shirts with `` thoughtworks '' on it . a plate that is decorated with white frosting . this photo is of several college students in a cafe area . a man reacts as he reaches for an item on a table . the man is holding a spoon and plate with a crowd behind him .
two friends , [male] and wang , decide that they want to take a trip to location to explore their heritage . their friends decide to throw them a goodbye party and one friend made them a special desert . many friends show up to their goodbye party . [male] decides he should be the one to cut the cake . all the friends enjoy the cake that was made and wish [male] and wang a safe trip .
workers gathered together to take a picture with the supervisor . a cake on a silver patter has stick figures and text drawn on it with frosting . party-goers are around small purple tables and talking . the crowd smiles in the chinese male 's direction as he looks on . a man wearing glasses is holding a plate with food
the students went out to the stage to receive their diplomas . the students said their final goodbyes to their friends . the dean of the school left the stage when he was done speaking . then the students went outside to get their photo taken . after that people began to leave the graduation .
a teacher shaking the hand of his graduating student . graduates find their seats before the ceremony begins . a group of men in different colored robes are on a stage . a young man with a blue polka dot tie in what appears to be a graduation gown . friends and families gather outside to greet the graduates .
a close up picture of [male] receiving his diploma from the dean of the college . after getting his diploma [male] headed back to his seat , looking as if he was unsure what to do next . a close up of the lineup of students and speakers for the ceremony . shortly after looking at the list i snapped this picture of the dean giving his address to the graduated seniors . [male] standing proudly with his diploma in arm after graduation .
professors in robes are welcoming graduates across the stage . a number of people in caps and gowns at an event . a man standing and smiling on a red carpet . young man in a suit with his graduation gown drapped over him many people in front of a large building during a graduation ceremony
graduating from collage today ! mom taking photos of me from afar . about to accept my diploma ! mom wanted an over dramatic picture . last time i 'll be seeing this place !
a graduate shakes hands at a commencement ceremony . graduates are sitting and waiting for their names to be called several people attending some sort of graduation ceremony [male] had such pride in his accomplishments . the beam on his face told the whole story . outside of a graduation ceremony gathering out front of the educational institution campus .
we embarked on a mission trip to location location . we were n't sure what we 'd be doing , but we knew there would be hard work ahead when we saw a barge approaching with lumber . as it turned out , a bridge had collapsed , so we got right to work . a quick drive-over test proved our work worthwhile ! by the end of the day , the local kids were exhausted and took a break .
a car boards a very crude ferry in a third world area . group of people standing on a platform in the middle of a lake supported by canoes . workers are repairing or building a primitive wooden bridge . 1 person directing a car across a wooden bridge two kids are seen looking sad in front of the camera .
what do you do when you have to cross a body of water with your car but do n't have a ferry available ? build one , of course ! a new bridge is also necessary , but we had that covered as well . luckily , it worked . was sort of afraid of what would happen to the car , but it went well . all to get from one dirt path to another . just another day in a remote area .
they pulled the boat to the river and ended up taking a picture the first time out . five men on a makeshift raft , two of them have motor cycles . three men working with wood near a body of water . a man directs a modern car over an atrocious old bridge . two kids on a porch looking at the camera
we drove to a lake to go fishing . we got on our boat after some time . when we left we had to make a bridge to cross the water . our car was able to make it across . the children missed us a lot .
a car being loaded into a rural boat in an asian town . men standing on a wood plank above two boats . locals try to repair damage on bridge over small river man directing a car over a rickety wooden bridge . 2 small children , one on a bike , one sitting
we all went to the parade . they had a cool marching group to start . then came the school marching band . they had some women spinning batons afterwards and a car with some of the local businesses near the end .
a group of people waiting near a street . a group of people look at some men in the road a parade with student wearing blue walking by . a group of people wearing blue shirts marching down the street several people are riding in an older blue model convertible
we all sat down and watched the parade . the color guard waked by . the marching band walked by . the flags waved too . then a classic car came by .
a large group of people sitting on the sidewalk , in front of a building . a group of veterans in uniform are walking in a parade [organization] [organization] [organization] 's marching band parades through town . the color guard is showing their flag twirling prowess several people sit in front and in back of a blue sports car while two people on the sidewalk watch .
it 's parade day , and the whole town turns out to watch . there are those who serve our country , and the crowds cheer . there are the bands , and the music is loud but thankfully well performed . the flags are always fun to watch . and of course you get the old cars and their owners traveling through .
many people are sitting on the sidewalk of a street . group of veterans walking together on a parade route outdoors . the [organization] [organization] [organization] has a marching band that wear khakis and blue shirts except for the director who wears a gold shirt . the white walls of no image bright and bold a man drives a vehicle adorned for a parade with three people in the back .
the organization organization organization graduation happened today . i attended to see a lot of people be happy . parents were smiling from ear to ear the whole time . some people came very dressed up for the occasion . best friends posed for one of the last times they will see each other .
three ladies in graduation gowns posing for the camera . a woman in a graduation hat is smiling a group of girls all wearing graduation gowns and caps the graduates are holding up their diplomas they received . stacks of colorful plastic pallets stand inside a low railing .
she had smoked pot right before . so had she . they smoked pot everyday of high school . would n't you know it , they still graduated . they should bring it in by the crateful according to them .
women wear graduation gowns and look solemn in the photo . a young woman in a graduation cap and gown . four women celebrating with a photo after their college graduation newly graduated , the girls were thrilled to show off their diplomas . hundreds of many colored box things in a pile .
it was graduation time for students . students and friends posed for pictures together . parents arrived at the ceremony . the parents took pictures with their graduating students . friends were full of smiles knowing that they were finished with school .
two women in graduation caps and gowns standing with a woman in purple hat and a purple and pink robe . a graduate dressed in black has a big smile . four woman dressed in graduation attire and touching their hands to their hats . two women that are in a graduation outfit with each other . multicolored bricks are stacked up outside into a pyramid .
we decided to go out on halloween to my friend 's halloween party . i was a cosmic cowgirl , he was a pimp . my friends [female] and [male] were there . the crowd got larger as the night went on . after we partied a little bit we all took a group shot .
a man and a woman wearing hats are posing for the camera a man dressing in a suit with a stick and a woman dressed in leather with a bright orange and yellow boa . the couple are dressed for halloween as a pimp and his hoe . a group of people dressed in costumes during halloween group of colorfully clad adults having fun at event .
we are having a few friends over this evening . time to make some cocktails . we practice a few dance moves as the guest start to arrive . take a look at this handsome couple ! so many great people in so many great hats ! our friends are hamms for the camera . smile everyone ! what a fun night we had .
a man and a woman wearing hats and smiling . a woman in a hat and boa is posing with a man in a suit . the man and woman are both dressed up for the party . a group of people that are at a halloween party people who dressed up at a costume party .
ready to attend the part . bride and groom dressed up at rehearsal dinner . best man and a bridesmaid drunk as can be . the wedding party the night before the wedding . having fun before the wedding .
a man wearing a cap with a kangaroo embroidered on it next to a woman wearing a hat and scarf a man in a suit stands next to a black clad woman with a colorful boa . a man and a woman partially embrace , both wear brightly colored costumes . the man holds a bottle of alcohol . big group poses for a group photo at a costume party . a group of intoxicated people have their pictures taken .
[male] panetta and three others pose for the came . panetta gives a speech to the grads . the grads take their final pledge before leaving . each one shakes organization hand . they all had a great time .
people standing and smiling looking at different things . older gentleman standing at a podium with a microphone . three men in white naval dress uniforms have their right hands raised and appear to be singing or shouting something with their mouths wide open . a female soldier is shaking a man 's hand . the two men are laughing at something funny .
everyone was very excited to graduate last weekend . we had a great time there . the speakers were very funny . i really enjoyed their speeches . everyone was cheering and tossing hats at the end .
two men in suits standing alongside some military personnel . the man is standing at the podium and smiling . they were all swearing in at the same time . the man and the lady are shaking hands . two men wearing military uniforms laughing during ceremony
the military is proud to hold its graduation and many old important people spoke . the graduates were proud as they pledged their loyalty to their country . the speakers also shared in the graduates joy as they came across the stage for their diploma . everyone on stage clapped for the graduates and their bright futures . the graduates ended the ceremony by throwing their caps into the air . it was very memorable .
several men , some in suits , some in military dress , stand together . an older gentleman with glasses and a suit standing behind a podium . three soldiers standing and taking a vow in uniforms a woman in uniform shakes hands with another man a man with glasses is holding a bag of goods .
[male] was practicing his photography . he wanted to get better at black and white photos . this empty lot seemed like the best spot to start . he climbed up the stairs and took a shot of the door . then looked down them at what a beautiful scene he had created .
black and white of large , square , concrete structure a pedestrian bridge rises over a picnic area . a building that has railing and steps on the side the outside of a building has a fence and railing a staircase that is empty without any people
he preferred taking pictures of the old buildings in grayscale . he felt that it gave more character to the pedways ... and , especially the exterior of the building . he loved the way the light glared in the background . and , he finished his shoot with the downward shot of the stairs .
a patio overlooking a road winding through the forest a walkway leads down to a dining area on the roof . a ramp of stairs in an alley are displayed in black and white . fenced in ramps are used to travel between floors of this tall concrete building . black and white shot of a winding staircase
we visited abandoned buildings near our house this weekend . it 's eerie how quiet it is , even though there 's buildings around . it looks like they were abandoned in the middle of construction . some parts are mostly finished . they even have working stairs in them .
a black and white photo of a concrete building . grassy area with concrete bridge and metal fence along side a large stone building with potted plants on a ledge . walkway leading to cement building section in black and white photo . a large staircase looks down on the cold concrete .
our new year 's party was great fun . a lot of people showed up . most people were in a silly mood . everyone had a noisemaker . it was an amazing way to ring in the new year .
a man stands and smiles at a party in front of draping lighting . four people sitting in a room lit by a reddish lightbulb . a man and woman embracing and smiling at the camera . a man in a sweater vest sitting on the edge of a table . a man dressed in a plaid sirt holding his bottom lip out
when i got to the party everyone was happy to see me . i sat and watched some movies . i also got to meet a lot of interesting people there . they were also happy to be there . some of them were unhappy to be there .
a long haired male with a scruffy beard and black shirt . a man in glasses and a tie is in deep thought . a young man and woman smile and hug each other in someone 's living room . the man is in a painting room and he is sitted on the table a man in a sweater vest pouts for the camera .
the new year was fast approaching and , in preparation , the house was fully decorated . before the countdown began , a few party goers milled about , eager for the festivities to get underway . as soon as the countdown began many attendees began to honk horns and make a huge commotion out of excitement . many almost made silly faces to the camera or hugged each other , rapt up in the joy of a new year . when the clock struck midnight , everyone started shouting , dancing , and even singing .
a jovial caucasian male wearing glasses at a party . a man in business attire sits in the foreground while a pregnant woman sitting near him uses her cell phone and a couple record him using a digital camera . young man and woman embracing and posing for the camera . a man wearing a vest is sitting on a counter . the man in the vest has a sad face look .
talking happily with one of the guests from the wedding . a quick photo of the bride and groom looking nice . he is sort of camera shy . happily wed , these two start the rest of their lives . the after party is in full swing !
a man with dark hair , eyes and mustache and wearing a red shirt and tie . they shared a loving embrace together in front of the camera a bride and groom are photographed from behind . they had been together for years and were finally getting married nine people are next to a bride and groom .
i ca n't wait to be married to the love of my life . we are tired , but everything will be worth it in the end . the wedding vows are finally being said and i could n't be more happy . now all that 's left is to enjoy our reception and attend to our family and friends . thankfully are reception went off without a hitch and all had a good time .
unamused , the man looked forward without a hint of care . a man and a woman in dress clothes are taking a nap a bride and groom are getting married . the couple are leaving the altar after their wedding . a large family is posing together for a wedding photo .
this is my uncle at his rehearsal dinner . and here he is with his almost-wife ! i 'm so excited that she 's joining our family . it was hard to get pictures during the wedding , but here they are ! heading down the aisle seconds after being named husband and wife ! the reception was awesome and we had a great time .
a green eyed man is taking a picture for the camera . a man is lying down on a woman 's shoulder with his eyes closed . a rear view of a bride and groom standing together . a bride weaing a white gown with her bridegroom and other people the table is covered with a blue table cloth while wine glasses are on top of it . the bride is carrying a bunch of flowers and wearing a white gown
the tv show was interesting so the person changed the channel before they made coffee . then they wanted to read outside near the powerplant .
a picture of a television screen showing an image from [organization] . a clock that has many different functions on it . coffee grounds that have not been brewed yet , sitting in a filter . a paperback copy of the manga samurai executioner stands on a piece of wooden furniture . people walk down the street next to some bleachers .
started the day with the news . looked at the clock and woke up . had to get the coffee going . i wanted to get my swim in . i ended the day with light reading material .
two men are sitting next to each other on a television tree a bose radio has the time of 0:25 on it . small white coffee filter with coffee grinds in it the book is on the wooden stand waiting to be read . a power transformer near a large leafy tree .
he watched the news on the television . he decided to dvr it for later . he got up and made the coffee . he grabbed his book just before leaving . as he walked he noticed scaffolding had been erected but he was n't sure why .
a screenshot of a sports game on television an electronic devise with a remote setting on top . this image is of a coffee filter filled with grinds . a copy of the book , samurai executioner , sits on display . a stage is being set up for a large concert
a foreign country is always fun to visit . i could n't read most of the text . the lake had a lot of fish jumping in it . the boats sat there quietly . i received a nice package when i got back home .
the people are looking at art on the wall . a street sign in a foreign country , one sign has a 2 on it , the other says [organization] [organization] [organization] . the water was bright green due to the algae . a row of small boats line the bushes and rocks . a package , boxes , and books on a counter top
after we had spent our day in the market we decided to go for a short walk . there were a lot of apartment buildings on top of the shops in the market area . we had trouble deciding where we want to go . we eventually found the dock and spent some time there . after hanging out for a few minutes we decided to head home .
this is a superrmarket with several people shopping a couple of street signs in the chinese language , on a street pole . a rural village with boats with a large city in the background . the boats were docked alongside the small village on the river . a white package sits on a marble counter surrounded by books and packaging .
shopping in a foreign country is always exiting . walking around the city to get a feel for where we are . the street signs are a little confusing . relaxing by the water and taking a rest . at the marina watching the boats come and go .
a room with items hanging from the ceilings is inspected by people . a sign in a foreign language shows the way to different destinations . a river with boats lined up along the side . several boats anchored in a river surrounded by green vegetation the present was ready to be delivered
we sent to the city for the weekend . we ate the local food . the lights shining on the water were brilliant . the food and beer were delicious . even in the fog the city looked majestic .
a group of people in front of a restaurant . tow guys holding sandwiches and smiling at the camera . the down town waterfront is illuminated against the darkness of night . three friends posing for the camera at a camp lights from tall buildings glimmer from across the water .
we stopped at this one little restaurant on our way to the city . the sandwiches were very good . the building just seemed to glow at night . after the visit to the city we stopped for some beers . this was the view from the ferry on our way back to the hotel .
people are waiting to get in the restaurant . two men eating food at a takeout joint . a building on a river is brightly lit at night . three young adults are having a meal and a drink . the city glistened in the night sky filling the water with an amazing reflection .
after walking for hours on our tour , we wanted to sit and relax . we started with a few beers and did n't want to leave . no that 's not his beer . my son was playing waiter . as usual , we got hungry after drinking a few . the food was greasy but tasty . a photo-op by the water before heading back to the hotel .
a bunch of people gather together outside a restaurant two men eating food outdoors next to a food vendor . a scene of brightly lit buildings reflecting on the water this is a picture of a tailgating party this is a lovely beach setting with the town lights glowing in the water .
i saw her crossing the street and thought id say hello . she ran right into one of her good friends . blocked . i tagged along to a local cafe where i was lucky enough to make them laugh a few times . they did that whole `` piece sign '' thing but they where still cute . we had a few drinks and let the night go wherever it was .
a woman wearing sunglasses posing for the camera on a busy street . two woman pose and smile on the street corner . a woman is laughing with her hand over her mouth . several friends smile and ham it up for the camera while they ennjoy drinks at an outdoor cafe . the group of people are laughing about the drink .
my best friend and i went out to meet with some other friends of ours . [male] was shocked to see us after so many years . [male] introduced us to his new wife . they are such a perfect couple ! we went back to another friends place so continue catching up . we took a group picture to remember this event for all times .
a woman with long brown hair is walking by the road . two women smile and pose together in front of a city street . a woman covers her mouth and laughs out loud a guy and a girl are doing the finger peace sign this is a group of people eating and drinking in a restaurant .
we went to the city today . we took lots of pictures . we went and got something to drink . we really enjoy the juice bar . we had a great day .
the woman is fixing her hair as she walks down the street . the women are standing outside and they are smiling . a woman covers her mouth and appears to be laughing . two people are posing together smiling and holding up peace signs at a table with an orange smoothie . people are sitting at a restaurant drinking tall drinks
the man had gotten his diploma . the friends took a picture together . he got a picture by himself . he got a picture with his friends again . he stopped a moment to take his cap off .
a man being goofy during a school graduation . graduation day is finallyhere and they are excited three men are wearing black gowns and graduation caps . a man is smiling and holding a book a group of people that are standing near the fountain .
it was graduation time for the group of friends ! they enjoyed the time after the graduation , goofing around as usual ! one of their other friends wanted to take their picture together . [male] was called over by his family to take a picture with them . they decided to take a picture by the fountain .
a young man is mugging for the camera at his graduation ceremony . young graduates enjoying ceremony at outdoor venue area . three men celebrate graduation in traditional cap and gown . graduate with diploma poses in front of a [organization] . a man is standing with three women in front of water .
so many emotions filled my classmates on graduation day . alistair seemed astonished . navjot seemed impatient . but , we were also all happy about our accomplishments . especially me . or , rather , i should say ... especially my family because i think they were the happiest of all .
the man got a picture after his graduation ceremony . new male graduates posing together making silly faces . three students posing for camera after they just graduated college . a man wearing graduation robes is posing for a photograph with his diploma . a graduate holding a diploma , along with three friends standing in front of a water fountain .
before heading out to the race , we had a nutritious breakfast . here we are during the early stages of the race . it rained a little , and that cooled us down . you can see the puddles that the rain left in the road . after the race , we spent some fun time celebrating with the other runners . now that the race is over , we can enjoy the sights and the good food .
a woman who is wearing black leather riding gear . the man is sitting on the motorcycle near the car . a woman is posing for a picture in the grass . woman that are jogging down a road in the country several runners in a race down a paved street , are watched by fans on the side lines .
this is what i fuel up before a big race . we started the day under cloudy conditions . soon though the sun was out . as evening fell we celebrated our race achievements . we deserved the hotdogs they provided .
a woman dressed in all black standing on a wood floor . a man that is wearing a helmet and riding a bike . a woman is getting ready for a race that is about to get started . adults running on street near large open field during race event . people run down a wet street during a race .
decked out in my leathers and ready to ride . great pic of me on my bike . at the start of the race i 'm ready go . keeping pace with the person aside me . jogging toward the finish line .
a man is dressing in a black leather jacket in the living room . a man wearing a helmet sits astride a motorcycle . a lady is posing for a picture prior to her running in a race . two joggers running along a grassy field and sidewalk . the runners are going down the street in the marathon .
we had n't seen [female] in awhile but when we did , we started right where we left off . drinking . she somehow got to eat some cake sometime during the night . she found her old boyfriend too . they started to make out almost immediately . they could n't keep their hands off each other all night . as the night wore on , they were less intimate , which was a relief to us .
a man and a woman sitting at a table drinking . a group of friends smoking and enjoying drinks at a bar a man is sitting at a table with beer in front of him . a woman with short blonde hair has icing on her face . a blonde woman sitting in a bar and holding a cigarette and a man sitting next to her m
it was the fight of the festival and what way to start it off then my drinking . we played various drinking games with our friends . by the end of it we were pretty drunk . some of us did n't really come out of it to well . after sobering up we went on to other festival activities .
man and woman enjoy alcoholic beverages at a pub . an image of adults smoking and drinking at a bar with arcade games behind them . a man that is sitting at a table with some beers . a young boy has a white substance in his mouth . a blonde woman holds up a cigarette inside a densely smoky bar .
i went to the bar to meet my friends . they were already drinking when i got there . we had great conversation . i had a few cigarettes while i was hanging out with them . i had a great time .
two people enjoy a drink and each other 's company . multiple bar patrons are enjoying beverages , with one man smoking a cigarette . a person is sitting at the table with beer . a person starting to laugh with food on her lips . people sitting at a restaurant talking to each other .
this area is full of beautiful architecture . it 's great to get out to play in the water ! more old buildings like this ... ... and this , remind me of how beautiful they built things years ago . the vista is amazing !
small brick post office building with two large doors . several children are playing in a muddy stream . memorial hall sits in the middle of a cute little picket fence . this is a mansfield post office building block a wide view of the skies on the field .
when i was on vacation last week the town was very small . the river was nearby . i went for a walk many times . i liked the building for the post office . i had a great time there .
the yea post office is orange in color . several children play and boogie board in a shallow stream with class 1 whitewater . the red roof of memorial hall stands out against its tan and brown dcor . the post office is an older building from a different century . the sky is filled with different kinds of clouds .
our home town is quaint . we jumped in the river , and walked down the empty streets . visited the post office for some packages , and then enjoyed the view .
the post office on the side of the road is orange five children playing in a shallow muddy river a beautiful small building named memorial hall surrounded by a fence a old post office that is made out of brick . a panoramic view of a valley on a partly cloudy day .
lots of drinks for the organization organization 's day party ! even the dog marnie had maybe a drink or two . couple drinks in and [male] and [female] are feeling quite cozy . a couple more drinks and [female] is hugging everybody . not to be outdone though , [female] was out here kissing random guys .
a bathtub is filled with ice and alcoholic beverages . people are hanging out in a room with a dog on the floor a man and a woman posing for picture . the women are hugging each other at the rable the couple share a kiss for the camera
i had a great time at the party . we all played with the dog . i met a lot of new people there . there were many games that we played . some people had a lot to drink .
a tub of beer in ice cold water . five people are sitting together in a room with a dog . a woman in a tiara is hugging a man . two women embracing at a table inside , one with a crown on . a man and a woman kiss while wearing green necklaces .
top o ' the morning to you . it 's st. [female] 's day , and we begin the day with a beer bath ... literally . later in the day , a bunch of maybe-irish , maybe-not-irish people gather to plan the day for st. [female] 's day . the group make their way to a bar and pose for pictures in their st. [female] 's day regalia . during st. [female] 's day , everyone is your friend . kissing - they 're irish . or not . it does n't matter because everyone is irish on st.patty 's day .
the cans and bottles are in a tub filled with ice . a dog soaks up attention lying on the floor , surrounded by a group of people . the two people are posing for the camera . two girls spending some time at the bar . a man with a tattoo across his throat and a woman are kissing
my relatives were waiting for my visit at their beautiful villa . i walked up the steps and saw them waiting for me by the door . i enjoyed seeing their beautiful garden . the bushes were neatly trimmed and well taken care of . the neighborhood was surrounded by trees .
adult stands at arched entryway of building on sunny day . an elderly woman sitting on a step in front of a large stone house . an old grey house is decorated with a vibrant garden a neatly organized garden outside a terrace . the old houses are all made of stones and brick and look like ancient times .
the person that lives here called me about taking care of their yard . i looked at the front yard and was ready to accept the job . then they showed me the back yard . that was intimidating . there was two more buildings with yards to take care of in the back !
stone building with large door , several windows and covered with plants . an elderly woman sitting in front of a stone house . a mansion with beautiful gardens in the front lawn . five rows of plantings in an english garden , with stone buildings in the background . old style buildings are surrounded by moss and trees
when i got to the house i decided to buy it . it was beautiful . very large and the garden was gorgeous . i like to spend my time walking through the garden . i ca n't wait to move in .
a person is standing in the doorway of a large building an older lady sits in front of a mansion . the grounds in front of the old stone building are professionally landscaped . a garden laid in rows behind a big stone house . a lush green landscape that has two large stone houses .
vulcan village welcomed us at this booth . we were directed to go outside for the candy and games . a member of organization organization told us a funny story . halloween would n't be a day without candy . lastly , one of the guests took her time picking out the best candy .
several people gathered around a booth of goods for sale . people in halloween costumes are walking on a sidewalk the woman is leading the children on the route . three omen and two children are looking through a bowl of candy outside . a woman helps a young girl with a bag of candy .
i read in the paper about this section of town that really does up trick-or-treating big . they change their name for the night to vulcan village ! i got together the whole gang , and we headed out to vulcan village for fun . the kids were super excited , as kids always are on the halloween . they have a special afternoon trick-or-treating policy , which is great , because kids get scared after dark . janey got so much candy ! i loved the whole experience .
an outdoor benefit where man and boy are getting hotdogs a group of individuals are going trick or treating . a woman walking several people during halloween young kids trick or treating outside in a neighborhood a woman giving candy to a little girl to have .
the party started outdoors in preparation for trick or treating . the little ones had fun crafting . the older ones has a chance to socialize . everyone in the community participated . it was cool to see the community come together .
some individuals with snacks and stuff welcome people to vulcan village . the kids are dressed up in costume for halloween . a group of people dressed up walking on the sidewalk . the kids are going to each house saying trick or treat and getting all the candy . a woman bends down to show a small child two large bags of candy
down near the beach spectators stop to watch the firework show on the fourth of july . in the beginning there is a ground show . then it breaks into the high loud booming colorful fireworks . these one were exceptionally loud . it was cool to see some other fireworks show off in the distance as well . here is the beginning to the end of the show with the spectacular finale .
night time image of a palm tree with a firework in the background as people watch red fireworks can be seen in the sky over a lighted city . having fire works in the city in the dark time . a fireworks explosion high in the sky with palm trees nearby fireworks light up the night sky in a warm climate .
many people gathered to watch the firework celebration . the fireworks came in a wide variety of colors . there were green fireworks . there were also orange fireworks . at the end of the show they launched many fireworks all at once .
a group of people are watching fireworks from the sidewalk a red firework is going off in the sky bright fireworks are lighting up the night sky and the lights of a city can be seen in the distance a fire work display on the fourth of juy . sky lit green from exploding fireworks at night .
watching fireworks on the fourth of july . there was a huge red one . a beautiful yellow one . a colorful one . and a green sparkly one .
three people are watching fireworks in the distance . the fireworks were shot high into the sky a fireworks display goes on during the twilight hours . fireworks are exploding over a body of water . the fireworks shot of in all directions
this was a very eerie yet beautiful place to take photos these old gravestones are surreal but captivating . the old font used in these tombs were very interesting . these tombs looked stood out for their uniqueness . even the gate was very artistic .
a path through a cemetary with above ground graves . an olf scripture on written on a stone an inspirational quotation is inscribed in stone beneath an engraved portrait inset in a different type of stone covered in moss . the cemetery has a lot of old headstones that are large in size . an entrance sign to a cemetery stands against a background of trees .
i choose to take black and white photos today . an old leaflet i found on the floor of the cemetery . i tried to read this but it was in a foreign language . these must have been wealthy considering the size of the their tombstones . and that concluded the day at the location location .
a tree-lined path goes in between the old houses . a rectangular stone monument with writing on it is broken in several places . an old stone has words and the photograph of a man engraved on it . a group of old graves that are honoring the dead . th gate is high up in the air and is made up of metalls
while at the art gallery viewing we saw some great work . during our time viewing the art we drank a little wine . my friends were amazed at the art and how great it looked . my husband was there enjoying his night after work . we ended up drinking a little too much wine but it was a fun night .
black and white vintage image of a row of mausoleums . the old sign is worn , broken and hard to read the words . the cemetery contained old mausoleums with ornate but time-worn writings and images . the ruins of the old building are surrounded by other old buildings . the cemetery has a rod iron entrance arch that says `` lafayette cemetery no . 1 '' .
the family went on vacation , a group of friends haveing lunch . [male] and [male] getting ready to go bouting . the fire works show was amazing . at the end of the fireworks we had desert .
a festival on a lake with a bridge in the bcackground people on a dock area by an umbrella . a family of people enjoying a nice day at a lake or stream . the bright fireworks fall from the dark sky . a bowl of layered dessert with berries on top sits on a table .
we went out by the water for the party . the view was gorgeous . the women stood on the deck and conversed with each other . the children went down on the dock and played in the water . later at night there were fireworks . and of course dessert .
a crowd of people sit outside on a nice day under a bridge . people are hanging out by some outside table people are in and around a body of water . fireworks of red , orange , yellow , and white explode in beautiful shapes in the night sky . a dessert is sitting on a table with lots of fruits and berries
i went down to the pier with my family last week . we ate at a restaurant by the water . the weather was great that day . we had a great time at the restaurant . after we finished we went down to the water to play some games .
the large bridge is seen above everyone else a group of adults standing on a dock talking . a person is standing in the water near the dock . large , elaborate and colorful firework display at night . a red , white , and blue dessert trifle is in a bowl in the middle of a table . in a small bucket behind the trifle are red , white , and blue napkins and sweets .
packing up for the trip . i made sure everything was there . the bags were packed tightly . the black carry on had everything i could need . zipped it up and ready to go .
a box is filled with a new laptop bag . a satchel is inside of a cardboard box . a close up picture of a black computer bag . a black and yellow bag is sitting in a cardboard box . bag containing cloth and a two zipper fastener
the first day of school is arriving soon , so i placed an order for school supplies . i purchased a messengers bag . as well as a ton of necessary supplies . i started organizing them right away . i am very prepared for the first day of classes now .
objects sitting inside a box on top of a trunk . a grey and black bag is in a cardboard box a backpack that has been placed in a box a black and green backpack sits in a wooden box . the green is more a lime color in this picture .
the box was opened , and [male] waited for the right moment to escape his prison . he fell sideways as the bag was flipped around . any minute now , he would be able to get out . the bag was flipped again , and [male] was flung into the stiff fabric of his prison . the flap ripped open , and [male] braced himself . the moment fresh air struck his face , he scrambled out and ran . the owner of the bag peered inside , never knowing that a tiny man was now in his house .
a box with a yellow case and other items in it . the bag was going to be thrown away in the box a new , black laptop bag was just unboxed . a yellow and black pack is resting inside a cardboard box . the side view of a backpack showing one strap a zipper and the color is blue and a lime green .
we went down to the local market they had it all decorated for the festivsl they had bird nest things everywhere but we were more focused on veggies there were tons of everything
a group of trees and american flags outside of a building . some windblown , tropical trees in a city square . thenest infron of the building is made up of tre branches a bunch of people are walking outside and such an abundance of brussel sprouts sit in a display
it was the weekend farmer 's market . the townspeople began to set up things . they continued setting up all morning , until things were done soon the people began to flood in , shopping for fresh fruits . they all were excited to have the fresh produce .
wooden huts like structures in the middle of the city the trees , though ugly , bore fruit of some variety . a large woody branched trees connected together during the light hours lots of flowers for sale in the outdoor market in downtown . large quantities of various types of produce stacked high .
the green murals was not liked by many . i liked the white mural but did not know what it was . the letters were done nice . i also liked all the trees . the cross was the fan favorite .
behind the trees and the flags there are some very tall buildings . several small trees grow in front of a large building . trees with tangled branches shaped like a hive . the woman made her way over to the flowers to look at them . a lot of cabbage that is for sale and other things too .
i tried baking cookies for halloween this year . i tried to get creative . these lips shaped cookies turned out pretty well . i was also kind of proud of the bat cookies . of course my little brother has to do stuff like this .
sugar cookies are decorated to look like pumpkins a dessert food that has been decorated by a cook . the cookie is shapes like a lip colored in pink and white . spooky creature seemingly flying displayed on rocky surface . the lower finger model is showing a middle finger sign
i made a lot oc ookies for the party tonight . i made all different kinds . some of them are salty . i made lots of different designs as well . i had a great time .
a delicious attempt to make home made cookies . a pancake in an oven topped with a blue substance cookies are frosted to resemble lipstick laden lips in red and pale pink . a sugar cookie with orange and white frosting gloves on a screen drying outdoors on the grass .
[male] made a funny cookie at the halloween party . a more conventionally decorated cookie . the organization organization would be very proud . a spooky cookie to go with the rest of the night . a collection of very well decorated cookies from the halloween party .
a group of baked goods that are in a pan . a flat cookie has blue and green icing . cookies shaped like lips with white and red icing . a cookie in the shape of a ghost felt hands on a board with one giving the middle finger .
walking to his masters graduation . cap and gown , hooded , and ready to go . an admission ticket to the commencement . president ready to speak for the class of 2007 . his master of science degree from the organization organization organization .
a man walking with a gown thrown over his shoulder . the graduate is wearing his cap and gown with yellow trim . a person is holding up a white business card graduation day ceremony depicting the handing out of diplomas . someone holding open a master of science computer science diploma .
walking from his car , [male] was excited to finally graduate . his pride could be seen in his smile . he kept one of his extra tickets as a memento . at last , he is in focus and receives his diploma and a handshake from the uni president . `` wait ! '' he shouted . `` this was printed on an inkjet ! ? ! ''
a young a=man is walking behind two ladies coverd with their umbrellas a young man standing in a courtyard dressed in a graduation gown and hat . a commencement admission ticket in red writing held by someone . students in red are ready to graduate on the stage . a man holds his new diploma from [organization] [organization] .
here is [male] on the way to getting dressed for graduation . he looked handsome once he put on his robes . we got to have this card to remember the day by . we had to keep from cheering when [male] got up . he was so proud of his diploma .
people walking down the sidewalk in the rain someone that just graduated from university dressed in the graduation cap and gown . a person holds a ticket to a commencement ceremony . a class of 2007 graduation ceremony is taking place . a person that is showcasing the graduation papers .
we started the day off with a bit of tricycling . many of us were also wearing funny costumes . a man and his child were dressed like beaker from the organization . many of us proceeded through the city . it was a huge gathering .
the adults are trying to ride the kids big wheel bikes . the adults are lined up sitting on tricycles two people dressed as people from the muppets the dense city is seen beyond the dense crowd a large crowd of people on a hillside in a town area .
we all brought our tricycles to the meet today . everybody had one . lots of interesting people came to watch . eventually the whole town was out in the streets watching the performance . it was a great day .
people gather around looking at a lady thats on a toy bike tying her shoe . adults sit in a circle while riding children 's bikes . two people stand together wearing matching , over-sized hats made to look like the head of a cartoon character . a group of people that are next to each other . the crowds of people are all out in the street for the festival .
two orange and green hot wheels marked the beginning of a fun time in town today . there were people dresses in silly costumes . one man rode around on a mini bike . people lined both sides of the street to see the mini cycle drag race . everyone had fun saw lots of exciting things and swore to come back next year .
a group of people playing on children 's toys a group of adults that are sitting on bikes made for children . a man and a woman outside with a costume on their heads . large crowd of people standing above city a view from the top of the hill of a bunch of people close together and man at the front facing away taking a picture .
my little brother wanted to be some kind of character from an anime for halloween . he like how real the blade of his sword looked . he pretended to fight a foe ! he hacked at his imaginary enemy . after he finished pretend fighting , he stood triumphantly !
a young person is dressed in a costume and holding a sword a young man wears a bright orange wig and is dressed like a midievil knight with cape and large sword . with a shedded leaves on grass and trees in the background a guy posing like a warrior with a sword in his hands . the boy is proud of his costume and sword . a person standing outside dressed in a costume
last week i finally had a chance to wear my new costume . there was a cosplay convention not far from my home . i figured this would be the best time to show off my new costume . i dressed up and got ready for the event . i brought my sword just in case .
ten gets dressed up and posses for pictures a man dressed in cosplay depicting a fictional animated character wearing a blue and red cape , orange hair , and holding a sword . a man poses outdoors in an anime costume and replica sword . a person in a costume is holding up a fake sword a man in a blue and white costume that resembles an anime character .
fans of anime and video games sometimes like to dress up like their favorite characters . this type of fandom is called `` cos-play '' . costumes can be very ornate and expensive . they enjoy dressing up and then acting like their favorite characters . a lot of fans will have multiple costumes for different characters .
a kid with orange hair holds up a power ranger sword . the boy is dressed up in a costume with a cape . a person wearing a costume wielding a sword . a boy dressed in a costume holding a sword . a person wearing a costume carrying a sword .
here at a bridal show . how exciting . this was my favorite wedding dress . this was my favorite suit , simple yet elegant . beautiful red dress but we 're here for the little suit and tie . little girl was so cute . i had to get a picture of her .
the models are walking down the runway in wedding dresses . a display of new bridal gowns are being shown . a tall man wearing white suit and pants walking in floor a woman is wearing a black dress down a catwalk . a little girl in a white dress holds hands with a man in a tuxedo .
the bridal show was a big event this year . so many beautiful models walked the runway . some men did , too , modeling suits and tuxes . prom and other formal wear was also on display . even flower girls got in on the action . it was a great show !
four models are walking the runway in bridal gowns . four women on a stage wearing ornate and fancy long white dresses a tall man in a white suit walks across a platform . this is a gorgeous modern black dress presented in the show . the little girl with the brown hair has on a white dress .
the fashion show was a success . the women all looked beautiful . even the men looked great . this woman looked most stunning of all . the kids got in on the fun too .
four models in bridal gowns walk the catwalk at a fashion show . four women in designer wedding gowns are walking down a runway . this is a model in a white suit walking at the runway females modeling night gowns on a runway holding roses two well dressed children holding hands with adults
my husband was very prepared for breakfast . he brought a tree to the office in spirit . when it was almost time to go , we looked at the clock . when he got home , he watered the grass with no socks on . we made gingerbread cookies together .
a guy getting something to eat , he is wearing a hat . a christmas tree and stockings are shown hanging outside a cubicle . a clock that reads that it is almost 5 o'clock in the afternoon child outside on the grass without shoes and a hose gingerbread cookies are laid out on a table
my co-worker [male] helped us get ready for a christmas party . he decorated the tree in the office . at 10 minutes to 5 , we decided to stop working for the day . [male] went outside in his bare feet to water the grass . when he came back in , we had a bunch of gingerbread cookies out to enjoy .
an image of a man that is making food a decorated christmas tree in a business office . a clock that is showing the time with the hands . top view of a child 's feet in grass . decorated gingerbread cookies laying on a wooden table .
we helped ourselves to food to start the day . a christmas tree is displayed in the office . it is almost time to leave the office . later , we hose the grass to make sure it gets fed . lastly , we made gingerbread cookies for a treat .
a man is opening a piece of cheese to make a sandwich . a decorated christmas tree sits in an office with christmas stockings nearby . the black clock that is hanging with black numbers on the wall is declaring it to be 4:53 . the person is barefooted man is watering plants with a pipe ginger bread men cooling down to eat them .
the soccer game is in full swing . they couple poses for a quick shot . the river graces the backdrop . the city skyline is seen in the background . the large coniferous tree is looking healthy .
player are on the field for soccer practice two young girls standing underneath umbrellas to stay dry a look at the city from above the trees . gravestones in well-kept cemetery with bonsai and other trees . a red building that is next to the street .
a team is playing a game out in the rain . the two girls are watching the game with umbrellas over them . the city looms in the distance and they think they may like a tour . the old graveyard is very interesting and has many stones that are very old . finally , they end up at their friends house for a game after party .
people are spread out on a soccer field during a game . two girls are outside standing under two umbrellas . a cloudy day in a city with a lot of buildings . green grass lines a graveyard with multiple grave stones . front side of a large brick house with hedges along the front wall
today we headed out to watch a soccer game . it was a rainy day but that did n't stop us ! look at that beautiful view of the city with the clouds over it . after the soccer game we took a walk around the quaint neighborhood and came across this sleepy little cemetery . it was near by this beautiful old house that looks like it was one of the first built in the area .
kids on a field during a cloudy day playing soccer a couple of women smiling while standing under umbrellas . several tall buildings are visible with trees a graveyard is clean and well groomed and has a variety of monuments . the facade of a big brick house with a well-kept front
this is what we saw on our way to get a massage . [female] and i relaxing before we get a massage . i think [female] fell asleep on me . i had to wake her up with a pillow fight after we both walked through the town
two woman lay on separate beds in a room . two women are having a pillow fight in a bedroom image of a group of people who are engaging in outdoor activities among each other . a garden creature with their pants down showing the butt . a woman sits underneath the covers of a bed while looking away .
ca n't believe the roommate i got stuck with here . not getting along all that well let 's start over and see the sights stop showing your butt it 's not polite time to get to sleep long day tomorrow
already having fun on our trip , still have to unpack . young adults enjoying pillow fight in sleeping quarters . women walking down the sidewalk through a farmers market . a lawn ornament gnome bent over , pants down , exposing its ' buttocks . woman in blue shirt laying down on a bed with white sheets .
our hotel was not what we were expecting . we decided to make the best of it with a pillow fight . we headed out to the market . i found this which summed up the hotel . the bed at least was a place to put our heads .
two women in a room with no bedding on the beds . two women that are having a pillow fight . a group of people at a market with flowers for sale . the gnome statue on the stairs is showing its behind . a woman is sitting up in a twin bed .
we took a trip to the mountains . we say a large beautiful building . we snapped a few shots before heading back . we all got together for a large dinner and shared some laughs with some wine .
small fruits are blooming on the tree outside a woman in a scarf and coat standing atop a building overlooking a forest man in a scarf leaning against a stone wall with black rail . an enormous estate located in the mountains amongst evergreens . a lake is in the foreground while trees , a bridge , and mountains are the background .
going hiking and looking at the wonderful view of the mountains . i love the castle behind all the trees . here i am standing by the mountains . it 's party time , let 's get something to eat . a couple of friends having a drink .
a tree has some small orange fruit while obstructing the view of a mountain in the background . red haired woman with scarf around her neck . the man is on the railing and posing for the camera a scene of a large building surrounded by trees . a body of water near snow covered mountains and a bridge .
in early fall , as the leaves were at their peak i decided to go to a quaint mountain town for vacation i brought my boyfriend and we stayed at a resort overlooking this beautiful mountain at the base of the mountain was a beautiful clear lake . we had a great time !
there is a mountain in the distance behind the orange currants on the bare branches . a woman , outside , posing for a picture with mountains in the background . the man is wearing a coat and green sweater with scarf around the neck large building with many windows surrounded by trees and mountains . mountains and forests lay besides a clear blue lake
the whole town came out fir the annual race . and they 're off ! everyone loved the man 's chair . it was very inspirational . even the young ones got to experience the excitement . there 's the finish line ! what a race !
many people walk through the street of a downtown area . a man using his arms is cycling very hard down the street . a large number of runners in a marathon are passing by . man running in community run with jogger stoller . a runner is almost to the finish line , which is a stick held by two women .
the community had a walk-a-thon going on today an a lot of people turned out . even the handicap showed up to support the community . the crowed was large and the event was a huge success . parents even brought their children in strollers to support the community . and at the end of the race they were all winners one way or another .
a crowd of people standing around a shopping area with pink flowers in the foreground . a man racing in a wheelchair and another man taking pictures several runners running in the street during a race . a man is pushing a child in a stroller at a race event . the man running is about to cross the finish line .
the city marathon is a huge family friendly event . anyone is allowed to run , whether its professional or simply for fun . some dedicated athletes participate in the marathon to demonstrate commitment . others run the marathon as a fun way of bonding with their children . whatever the reason , the meaning of the marathon is n't to finish first only to participate .
the street is busy with patrons and vendors man in a wheelchair tricycle wearing a helmet these people are here to participate in a marathon . man pushing his baby in a stroller down the road . two girls holding a tape a runner is in front of .
we went to the halloween convention and saw this beauty . this lady speaker took the time out of her work to speak about the festivities of halloween . this speaker gave a heartfelt story about the fantastic times he had on halloween . there were dedicated cosplayers at the convention . there never seemed to be enough of cosplayers at the convention .
a giant color fangoria poster covered in protective plastic . she was nervous but overcame it quickly and talked to the crowd . man wearing black talking on a microphone with a purple backdrop . a man is in a horrifying costume with a bloody axe , a bloody mouth , and eyes that are two bright and seem to glow . a man wearing holds a chainsaw and wears blood-covered protective gear .
fans were there to meet some of the creepiest horror actors of all time they asked the hard questions to the cast even freddy got in on the action this guy was dressed as a scary monster and here this guy was about to cut someone to pieces
a comic book which cost $ 135.00 . the title of the comic is fangoria and is presented by starlog . it includes a giant colored poster . the lady is holding a microphone with her right hand close to her mouth a middle aged man speaking on a microphone person in scary halloween costume including crooked teeth and bloody hatchet man wearing a white outfit covered in blood and wearing a gas mask and wielding a chain saw
invitation to the fangoria event . a couple dressed for the fangoria party . a girl sings at the party for entertainment . gentleman sings a the party to entertain the party goers . someone had a bit of a problem while getting to the party hence the bloody outfit .
[organization] [organization] fully colored poster for sale , asking price is $ 135.00 . a woman is smiling and holding a microphone a man is talking in to a microphone a kid gets dressed up and has a good time a man holds a chain saw as he wears a gas mask and bloody clothes .
for halloween , my daughter 's school had a big costume party . my daughter insisted on going as a princess . her friends went in various costumes , including a candy corn . one of the littlest boys chose to be captain location . still other kids chose to be witches .
a woman wearing a mask and kneeling next to two small females kids sitting around table with white tablecloth on it doing crafts . group of 5 small children in flowery dresses a group of boys are dressed up for trick or treating . the child has a blue lolipop in his hand
there were a lot of children that came by my house last halloween . there were so many pretty costumes . some of them were scary too . i had to hand out a lot of candy . this year i 'm going to be prepared and buy a lot more candy .
a woman and two small children dressed in costumes a group of children at a table making crafts . little girls that are dressed as princesses . two children dressed in costume for halloween and holding a basket of candy a toddler holds a lollipop while in his stroller .
at the school , i dressed up with the kids for halloween . some of the other girls in glass hand made their costumes . most of the young girls wanted to go as princesses and they did so . the boys all wanted to go as superheroes and they were very heroic looking . my friends daughter sat in her chair just waiting for people to drop off candy .
mother with two daughters dressed up for halloween children gathered around a table , making crafts with the help of an adult on the left dressed up little girls pose for the camera . captain [location] and spiderman prepare to go trick or treating . a toddler eating a lollipop in his stroller .
location location , location location baby ! inside some cool ass building ! organization organization at dusk night time x-mas , only location location style . happy new york year
a old building is pictured in black and white . the light shines down through the dome lights of a round room . the large building is lit with red and green lights a large flag projected on the front wall of a building . a tall building with many different large electronic billboards .
today we decided to go to the city . we found some very large buildings that we had n't seen before . the night sky was beautiful when the sun went down . there were a lot of cool decorations that lit up at night ! i want to come back to the city tomorrow , but now i must sleep .
a tall building in the middle of a city . large oval ceiling with mysterious designs in the middle a blurry photo of cars in motion down a busy city street . beautiful well lit building is decorated with american flags . the sign advertises a bank and a credit card company .
i love to see famous buildings , although i usually ca n't remember all the names . but i can always name the location location location . i saw a building like this in location location . i 'm not sure if this is it or not , but it might be . i know i have never visited this city because the skyscraper is not familiar to me . it is lit with red and green lights . maybe it 's christmas . i 'm not sure where this is either but i believe it is new year 's eve . looks like a brand new year . happy new year ! welcome 2007 !
a black and white picture of a building at twilight . a round room inside of a fancy building a city scene at night , with many tall buildings . a building that has the american flag reflecting on it night shot of digital advertisement board for [organization]
in the city that night , there were a lot of lights and people . i think the camera crew was setting up a scene . there was a plastic pool in the middle of the road . we chose to pay more attention to the random walkway . my friend found this smaller replica of a bus .
the group of people is gathered together on the sidewalk . people standing in front of a theater entrance a plastic tub sitting in front of a movie theater street festival with teenagers watching waiting their turn . people gather around a small blue childrens pool
they stand outside and begin taking the plastic off . more people gather in support and to help them . midway through , a break was taken . the scenery was observed before continuing with the project . finally finished , they begin garnishing the relic .
people are gathered around baskets and buckets with food people in front of a theater at night with cans on the ground . a large group of people celebrate new years in front of a movie theater . a group of people are lined up in front of a movie studio . a crowd at an outdoor event in front of a theatre .
every year there is a lobster festival in location . first they put these blue tubs out . the tubs are then covered with plastic . once that is done they put water in the tubs . the lobsters are then place in the tubs for the guest to choose from .
outdoor performers at a theater venue at night . a group of people standing around a little swimming pool . movie goers are in line at this theater . people standing around looking at something on the ground a picture of many people standing around a blue object
[female] 's friends brought her gifts and flowers for her birthday . she took a picture of them to put on instagram , and then she started opening her gifts . her guests watched excitedly as she tore through the wrapping paper , and later they all made sure to tell her happy birthday .
friends are gathered around a table waiting for the woman to open up her gift . a woman happily opening gifts from a paper bag . a woman holding up a gift she received three people are standing , enjoying food and beverage . the joke caught the woman off guard and the man tried to clarify .
all of her gifts were on the table . they were anxious for her to open them but she was still texting . after everyone had arrived she opened each gift and thanked everyone graciously . her mom and dad were very proud of her . her brother joked that he did n't think she 'd ever graduate .
three people are in a room with a bag on the table and are looking at bag . the woman is using her phone while sitting at the table . a gift basket filled with all kind of minatures a man in a greed red socks hat smiling next to friends . a woman that is standing next to the man with glasses .
[female] 's closest friends [male] and [female] threw her a surprise birthday party . [female] loved opening her gifts . [female] 's favorite gift was from [male] . even [female] 's sisters came to the party . [female] was able to thank [male] later in the evening for her fabulous gift .
a young man with glasses and a drink in his hand . the woman is looking at the gift she got from the bag . the woman in the black sweater held up one of her gifts at the table . a man in a red shirt with a green baseball hat standing next to a woman and another man who is holding a red solo cup . a man holding onto a woman 's arm in the kitchen
living in the mountains of location has been one of the best decisions i ever made . here you have access to biking trails and hiking trails with the most awesome views ever . there are a surprising number of lakes and reservoirs where you can sail or motor boat or try any water sport you like . i like rock climbing along the north face . lake powell is my favorite with the location location location as the runner up .
two people bike along a path through brown hills . an empty dirty room that needs to be fixed up . an unpainted basement with dirt floors has a sealed end . a tunnel is made of sand and rock a beautiful light blue lake nestled in the desert hills .
i went on vacation last year . the place was right by the water . it was very beautiful . there were many rocks around . i took a few boat rides out on the ocean .
two bicyclists riding on a narrow road on a hillside . long room , poorly lit , dingy , dirty , wood ceiling . underground passage with garbage and stairs to climb out . a narrow tunnel has a small stream running through it . brilliant turquoise water is contrasted by the surrounding desert .
on a lonesome , winding mountain road , while riding our bikes , we were abducted . down tight , filthy corridors we were drug , our terror growing the deeper we were brought . we were left in a stone walled room with only a metal ladder for an exit ; there we were subjected to unrepeatable acts of torture and depravity . months later , what was left of us was taken through a dirt tunnel ... ... and tossed into the putrid pea green lake , which our restless spirits to this day haunt .
two people biking on a road going downhill . the hallway is tracked up with dirty prints . old dirty tunnel with trash on the floor . a dirt tunnel with a small stream running through it a vast body of turquoise color water surrounded by large hills .
my bother finally got married . him and his wife like to joke around . here is my new sister in law posing with my parents . they 're really in love . i took one final shot to remember the visit .
a man and a woman have their picture taken . young couple laughing at outdoor daytime social gathering . a group of people are in front of a white house young woman holding a bouquet of bows and ribbons snuggled up to a young man beside a tree . a man and woman are celebrating their upcoming marriage .
[female] and [male] at their rehearsal dinner . [male] cracked a joke about his father . [female] posing with her adopted parents . the bride and groom posing for another shot . the happy couple ready to get married tomorrow .
a girl sitting outside , looks over at a guy smiling for a camera . two smiling people sitting down with a plate and a cup . adults having a moment outside of building near patio . the man and women look happy sitting together . a tall man posing with a much shorter woman wearing a ribbon corsage .
together . celebrating at our engagement party . this is my husband to be . he always makes me smile . my mother and father are sharing this special moment with me . i think we make a cute couple . we will always be happy .
this woman is giving the man a staring look . the man and woman are sitting and laughing . three people standing together on a backyard deck . a white man and asian woman cuddle outside . a couple celebrates their anniversary with a second honeymoon .
oh yes , i am a borat . i come from location to go to halloween party . and mexican ringo star . no party is complete until [male] g shows up ! and the poor wing man who does n't get any play [male] g after he 's had a few drinks with the white trash .
the man is wearing a suit and a fake mustache . a happy looking man in a brown coat with several people in the background . a man in a red outfit making a sign with his hand the young man is the someone 's wing man for the night . the two men are dressed up in halloween costumes for the party .
there were a lot of men at the party . they were great sports . the thug look was pretty popular . as was the capes and hats . the winner was the thug though .
a man reacts as he wears a fake mustache . a man that is posing for the camera with a tie on a man is dressed in a adidas uniform . a man is standing next to a police officer two guys dressed up for halloween in costumes .
on halloween this year everyone dressed to the nines . some of our friends where devils . others where 70 's disco crazies . the costume party was amazing a bunch of great laughs .
a man is wearing a fake mustache and a suit the man is smiling for the camera man . a man is throwing up a hand sign . the man is wearing a cape and a wing man shirt . two guys standing by each other , one with a necklace on .
today was the day that i could be a leprechaun . we started to set up for the party . my friend has his st. [female] attire on . we definitely needed a break after the hard work . today was definitely exhausting but we got everything together . what a day !
for st. [male] 's day , a man dresses in a leprechaun hat and huge tie covered in clover . the man used a ladder to tie two pieces of tarp together while another man assisted . a good-looking man wearing a green hat that says `` st. [male] 's day '' and holding a shamrock antennae headband . two people are seen sitting near red cords . a man with long red hair leaning very close to the camera .
the party was coming to an end . they had a lot to clean up . the roof had to be cover from damage . they needed to get it covered before the rain came . they damaged the carpet from the party .
man wearing a leprechaun hat and bow tie with leg crossed . two men applying a tarp to their house for protection a gentleman wears st. [male] 's day decorations . two men sitting side by side posing for the camera . young adult man poses while sitting next to computer screen .
[male] was in deep thought waiting for the st. [male] 's party to start . the guys were doing last minute work on the tarp . when the party started though it was fun , and here 's [male] posing for a pic . [male] and his boyfriend [male] enjoyed themselves too . later on , [male] got a little sleepy though .
he could never be happy on st. [male] 's day , despite wearing a silly leprechaun hat and poofy bowtie , because it was the anniversary of his wife 's death . the men are putting a tarp over the porch area to protect from the weather . a man that is wearing a green cap in the yard . the friends sat quietly on the step as they waited . the man beside the screen wearing the t shirt is smiling
the crowd inside the mall was huge that day . it was very easy to get lost in the madness . we met all sorts of strange people . we even got some temporary tattoos . we checked out and left the mob of people .
we just finish eating and posed for a great picture a large crowd of people are shopping at a mall . two women browsingat books in a busy retail store . two women with matching glasses and tattoos on their arms a man in a mighty mouse shirt trying on some glasses .
best friend attending the harry potter convention . the huge crowd interacting with one another . checking out books . and getting tattoos . wearing [male] potter 's glasses .
two ladies standing together smiling at the camera . many people are gathered in a department store shopping . a pair of women in a two story bookstore browsing products . two women wearing round glasses showing off their new temporary tatoos . a man with a cartoon mouse t-shirt and thickly rimmed glasses is standing inside a movie theater .
[female] and [female] love to hang out together . every saturday night they go to the location location . this saturday they went shopping for a costume party . there were overwhelmed by all the choices ; so they walked around the store to get some ideas . they were playing around in the the [male] potter section when they ran in to their friend , [male] . he said that he was going to the party as [male] potter . [female] decided that she would go as hermione and [female] was going to give everyone a laugh by dressing as [male] .
two women have their picture taken at the mall a mall completely packed with people seen from the second-floor balcony . 2 ladies in a department store talking and looking at products two smiling women with glasses in a public setting , showing their inner arm tattoos . a man wearing a blue shirt with mighty mouse
it 's amazing looking at the water standing in your favorite location watching boats race or slowly chug by but it is amazing the strength of the cables and structures of the bridges over the water
a hand is held up , and a drawing in ink can be seen on its palm . a sign reading vista point use curb [male] . a boat is speeding on the water leaving a wake . the big ropes stretch high up in the blue sky . many cars travel through an archway on the road .
we started our scenic walk down the location location location . we took a few minutes to gaze and enjoy the view of the bay . there were many others there enjoying the view as well . we were joined by a little bird friend . no better way to end the day than a trolley ride to the city !
left hand with black waves on it over water . there is a traffic sign near the rock not too far from shore . a variety of large and small boats on a river in front of a major town . there are four suspensions cable that are high . the picture is of the [location] [location] [location]
these were from our trip to location location last week . here she is ! the view was so breathtaking . i wanted to grow swim in the water but my wife wouldnt let me . i would not want to fall from that height . the bridge was so pretty and fun to walk on
a man has written some information on his hands . a sign for the building stands in front of some grass and the sky a city sits in the background as boats of all types move across the water . the rope extends high into the air automobiles and pedestrians move along a suspension bridge .
it was my son 's birthday and prepared a feast for him . we performed a jewish prayer and ritual before we started eating . we blessed the food with a prayer we read out loud . the prayer was several pages . we then started to eat the food .
a family meal with roasted chicken and various tasty side dishes , wait for some of the participants to arrive and feast , while one looks up from his paper . the first course , served in sparkling crystal dishes , also waits for a diner to taste it . a woman in a green shirt holds a large chunk of meat . a man looking a bottle wine really close . a dish with strawberries , shortbread cookies , and bread is being served . a young man eats food at a table .
i sat at the table waiting for everyone to finish making the food for me . i had my friend come and light some candles . they also made me some drinks . i did some reading while i waited . i was starving when they finally brought the food .
man in glasses sitting at a covered table by a window . a woman in a green shirt holds a turkey leg . a man holds a pair of glasses in one hand and a bottle in the other.|a man holds a pair of glasses in one hand and a bottle in the other . a bowl of cut strawberries is surrounded by cakes and cookies . a person is taking a bite of food while seated across from another at a finely set table .
it is dinnertime at my house . we have some chicken . there 's some wine . there 's even a great dessert . fresh strawberries and cake taste so good . dinner at my house is delicious !
a man with glasses is staring at something a woman holds up some cooked meat on a bone . man holding glasses and a bottle of beer . a clear bowl with strawberries inside and a silver spoon . a man sitting at a table about to take a bite of food
i waited in the semi darkness for my bride . when we were pronounced man and wife , our smile made the room glow . the perfect wedding cake awaited us , it was pure white . but our lives were full of color as we stood as man and wife with our friends . my wedding day was wonderful , full the of laughter and smiles of my bride .
a man standing in front of candles holding his hand to his face . the bride and groom held hands as husband and wife as the preacher finished the service . a white photograph of a birthday cake . a bride and others in formal clothes smile for a photo on a bridge . a bride is smiling widely while a man stands nearby .
on his wedding day , the groom was nervous . he made it through the ceremony with his beautiful bride by his side . a traditional cake was ready to be served , but would have to wait until after photos . after the ceremony , they took photos to share their joy with the wedding party . the happy bride and groom could n't help but include some joyous silly photos as well !
an image of a man that is standing on stage a couple who are walking down the aisle as mr. and mrs. with the preacher behind them . the wedding cake has three tiers and different designs on each one . the bridal party is standing on a dock for picture taking . a black and white image of a bride and groom .
soon to be husband waiting on his bride . here comes the newlyweds . very plain birthday cake , looks delicious . great photo of the wedding people . they bride is having a blast .
a man standing against an open window near candles talking on his cell phone . hey bride and groom walking happily down the aisle after becoming a while the white , three tier wedding cake was professionally done and sits in a room that is also completely white . the wedding was great and everybody was happy . a woman in a white wedding dress laughing .
the family vacation took us far and wide , this estate was particularly impressive . artwork such as this statue left me awestruck at it 's realism and size . there were plenty of places to grab a bite , hamburgers are always a favorite . we saw an old timey paddle wheeler going up the river . looks like a fun ride ! we had to stop awhile and enjoy the lively music from the band .
an opulent castle overlooks a quiet garden . a statue is made to [male] [male] , it shows him on a horse . the clover grill , world 's best hamburgers and orders to go . the [location] paddleboat is a very popular destination for the tourists . a man in a white shirt and cap plays the trombone .
in the background is a beautiful castle . a historical statue is in place to view . seeing a view of the street . on the water is a boat sailing . a band is playing music together .
a large church behind a public square with a statue of a person on a horse . the statue of a man riding a horse is very large . the clover grill is pictured on a cloudy day and looks empty . the [location] , a paddle wheel river boat , churns through the water . men are playing instruments while walking down the street .
[male] decided he had to go to location location for mardi gras . when he got there he was amazed at the artwork that lined the streets . there was always a place to get a ice cold organization organization . everywhere [male] went there was someone playing some kind of music . location location is the place to be for organization organization according to [male] .
a framed front view of a big fancy building with a large front area . a memorial statue of a man riding a horse . worlds best hamburgers made to order at the clover grill a paddle wheel boat is moving on the river . group of men playing brass instruments together outdoors .
we had a party at my house today . several people showed up to help us celebrate the season . we enjoyed each others company we carved some scary looking pumpkins . i thought this costume was very unique she looked like a car that had working head lights .
a couple of people in costumes also drinking . three pretty women are standing in a kitchen sharing drinks . three women dressed up in costume pose for camera . a man with a beard dressed like pikachu drinking a beer two girls dressed in eomplex halloween outfits pose for the camera .
it was halloween and this household was preparing for the festivities for the night . the women in the house decided to dress conservatively and go out to the bars . other groups of people dressed up and stayed at home to relax . one particular individual then decided that the others were boring and started drinking by himself . the parents and kids came back and got lots of candy after everybody else left to do their own things .
the woman is taking an interesting selfie on her phone . three young women are smiling with drinks in their hands . three adult woman dressed up for halloween sitting on a couch . a man with a costume on in yellow drinking a beer . people dressed up in a costume standing in the kitchen .
we decided to have a dress up party with our friends . two of my friends having a good time . some of my other friends who did n't dress up for the party . three of my close friends who came to the party in costume . one of my guy friends dressed like pokemon . the last picture of the night , my friends drinking and posing .
a woman in black is raising her hand group of 3 women drinking alcohol and posing for the camera three ladies posing for the camera wearing costumes . a man dressed in a pokemon costume with red both is drinking a beer . two younger women dressed up in fun costumes .
there once was a couple who prayed for a bundle of joy . and then one day , that bundle of joy arrived ! she grew up to be a sweet girl ! who made crazy faces , and loved the spotlight .
elevated highways with gravel and dirt fenced in below . this foggy day has a cloudy sky over a sparsely traveled bridge . at dusk , the field sits with the city in the background . a woman is standing in front of a blackboard teaching the lady in red t shirt is teaching
i was so tired of looking at the dingy city . i needed a change . i 'm up for a road trip . goodbye hustle and bustle . ah ... fresh air ! i can feel myself relaxing already . that trip was great and i 've returned to work with new energy . i '' m enjoying my class so much more now . maybe i should get away more often .
dirt under the bridge that is next to the freeway it is a foggy day and several cars are driving across a bridge with city buildings in the background . quiet farm with blue sky in a evening setting a woman explaining things using a chalk board . woman teaching a class with images drawn on a blackboard .
i was lost and about to be late to work . i drove around as fast as i could until i found the school . at one point i went in the wrong direction and was outside of the city . fortunately i finally found the school and made it to class just in time . i quickly started the lesson .
small dirt area underneath a bridge underpass . an overview of a city on a cloudy day some white clouds float by on a sunny day a teacher in front of a chalk board in a class of adult students . the woman is instructing a group of people .
halloween parade and we were ready to arrest somebody . this float and these women looked awesome and we love z100 too . [male] einstein never looked better . i want these guys to cheer us on . this outfit is incredibly sexy and i like the red faced men .
women are dressed as sexy cops and posing . three showgirls dressed up on a parade float at night . a man is seen dressed like [male] einstein four men stand together in the street dressed as cheerleaders . people have their faces covered up , with hats on .
he thought the girls dressed as cops were hot . not to mention the girls on stage . he had dressed as einstein . he hit on the girls dressed as organization organization cheerleaders until he realized they were men . but then he saw a scantily clad girl and went for that .
three young women dressed up in police uniforms in a club of some sort . ladies dressed in costumes standing on the podium an older man is standing next to a tree . four men dressed up as dallas cowboy cheerleaders . a bunch of people all hanging out in costumes at night
there year me and my husband went to a halloween costume party . our friends [male] and [female] dressed up as breakfast at organization 's . i loved the girls iconic outfits . there is always room for two at costumes parties . one of my favorite costumes were this group , they stole the show .
women dressed as sexy police officers , for halloween . two people in costumes that are on show . the man is dressed as einstein and is smoking a pipe four men are dressed up as [organization] [organization] cheerleaders a half dressed woman stands with people wearing masks .
he was really excited on the graduation day a group photo of the new grads . waving to the cameras during the graduation ceremony posing for the camera with his gay parents celebrating with the family at the swimming pool
wearing his graduation cap , sunglasses and a hawaiian lei the man laughs outright . a group of young adults are at a graduation ceremony a person reacts as they wear sunglasses and a cap and gown . a graduate posing for a picture with two men . a birthday party by a pool , with two older women at the umbrella covered table , with the cake and the towel wrapped birthday boy , while several onlookers stand around .
i have a brother that graduated last weekend . his graduation was a large event . despite being crowded he spotted us in the crowd . family came from all around to congratulate him . later we had a party at the pool .
a man in graduation clothes is wearing sunglasses a group of graduates are in their caps and gowns . a graduate wearing a lei is excited for his accomplishment . the graduate is in a red apron has red roses on the neck a group of people at a party stand near a pool
there were a bunch of students gathered at the ceremony yesterday . many people had shown up to give their support to the graduates . the students were very excited to graduate . afterward we all got together for a small party at my house . then we spent some time swimming in the pool .
man in a cap and gown wearing a lei . a close up of the sea of graduates reveals that although they are all gathered together for common purpose , they are still individuals doing their own thing : on the phone , reading the program , talking with friends . a crowd of people sitting , and two are dressed in graduation caps and gowns . a boy has just graduated high school and is wearing a lei a bunch of older people sitting around a picnic table with an umbrella in front of a pool .
here are some flowers i saw on my trip to location . i made sure to buy magnets for all of my friends back home . we went on a cruise on the thames . the cruise was really fun and we got to drink champagne . i saw this sign out in front of a department store .
a large bouquet of beautiful sunflowers gathered together to brighten someone 's day rest in a vase in a store . various small souvenirs of [location] are pictured here . a covered walkway leads to a large boat many tourist ferries are on a river in front of a large city . massive toy blocks in many colors featuring the work change .
i brought some sunflowers for my blind date . we stopped by the souvenir shop with all the british merchandise . our date then began by heading over to the pier for a boat ride . we got on a had a nice ride around the city along the river . we got off next to a building with the word change next to it .
a cluster of sunflowers inside a building a collection of refrigerator magnets representing [location] tourist attractions a river excursion ferry tied up at a pier near a city . a ferry approaches the gangway under sunny skies . a busy city street appears to have larger than life-size , multi-colored children 's blocks that spell out 'change ' , and other random letters on the side of a building .
i went for a walk yesterday . there were a lot of interesting things outside . i bought some souvenirs . there was a business lady walking inside the mall . i also bought some t-shirts and hoodies .
sunflowers on stuff that will grow and burning a bunch of [location] schtick memorabilia on a wall . a small boat near a shore line structure and a platform . two boats are in the water near a bridge . a sign that is there to let people know that you can change .
here we are preparing to head to another wedding . today was not the best travel day , but we tried to keep our spirits up . although seeing signs like these let you know you were n't in location anymore , or location location where we are from . still it was great to see everyone , and the wedding was a blast . and , thankfully , the flight back was in much better conditions .
a look at the sun from the window of a plane . a couple at a dinner party drinking some beer . it was a day for celebrating and the gathered family and friends did . a man and his wife dance among other couples in the building . a brown boot with flowers on top of the stand .
a man takes a picture of an eclipse out of the airplane window . when he lands , he meets his family and friends at a restaurant . they all get together for the first time in years for a photo . a few of them share a dance . they realize that the waiter accidentally put flowers in a boot and not a vase .
the sun setting from the window of an airplane . a couple that is eating together at the table . a group of people dressed for a special occasion . couples decide to dance romantically to the music at a wedding . the bouquet of flowers rest in the brown boot .
last weekend was very sunny . i went to see my friend 's wedding . they were getting married after being together for six years . everyone had shown up to celebrate . there was a lot of dancing . afterward they were given all the gifts .
the view from the airplane window of the sun was crazy they sat at the table and had wine and food a large group of well-dressed people posing for a picture . a variety of couples dancing at a social event . cowboy boot with a bouquet of flowers in the foot part
it student orientation day at organization . there is a bake sale going on by one of the senior classes . these girls are looking over their possible class schedules . [female] and pevoli joke about marna 's schedule being completely opposite theirs . here are more students coming for the second half of the day .
a sign for the uca bears that is next to the road . three people standing together at a welcome table . a couple of women are using their laptops three woman stand while looking down at a piece of paper held by one woman . a large number of students crossing at a crosswalk .
everyone went to uca . the day began with a bake sale to benefit the school . some girls spent the day looking at their laptops . other girls looked over maps of the school . everyone walked together around the campus .
a welcome to uca sign sits next to a road . the festival was great and their were plenty of choices for food . there are two individuals utilizing some laptops . people are gathered together outside in the shade people are walking across a crosswalk as directed by a crossing guard .
we took a tour of the organization campus . there was a bake sale going on . students looked busy studying on their laptops . we were a little lost trying to find certain building . we walked together with a group to find the building we were looking for .
a sign with a bear and logo that says welcome to uca . three people at an information booth welcoming students two girls sitting on a bench looking at laptops . 3 young girls reading a paper outside smiling . students crossing the street at the crosswalk on their way to school .
this is a big white house very castle like . it can be very spooky if you considering how secluded and dark it is out there . walking through the streets at this time of night is not dangerous at all . there is a wall that people feel compelled to stand on , you can see everything from here . the city is bare with no people on the street , total ghost town .
a large white building with towers and a red roof is lit up on the outside . a big white building illuminated in the middle of the night . a man posing outside of a large white building a couple standing on a red ledge overlooking a tall building with a blue pointed top . the cars in the street appear as just light streaks .
it was really cold last night but we managed to climb all the way to the top of the building . the view of the city from up here was beautiful . we lit up our balloons and released them into the sky . we then had to climb all the way back down . it was very late when we finally arrived home .
a stately home/castle lit up in the dark of night . a striking white building is bright in comparison to the dark stormy sky and landscape . a person standing outside in the rain at night in front of a large white building . a couple standing on a wall looking at a lit up monument . a road at night that passes by a church with a steeple .
we went to the fabled city of lights to see some of the buildings . this building was always completely lit up no matter what angle you were at ! here is joe showing us how it orks . the statues were even lit up ! this city is amazing , i wonder what else there is to see !
a large , brightly lit building sits behind leafless trees on a cloudy night . white buildingwith many windows and brown roof illuminated at night a man stands with arms outspread in the darkness next to a tall white building . two people are standing on a stone wall looking at the lights of a building . the streets are blurry tonight from the fog .
[male] was a huge fan of lighthouses . he 'd go see them wherever he want . he 'd long had a dream to visit a remote lighthouse in location . when he got there , he was thrilled . he loved the signpost that pointed to other lighthouses around the world . he took a picture of the historic lighthouse plaque to add to his special album of such pictures . he took hundreds of pictures of the light itself , so he 'd never forget the special day .
a granite plaque titled `` historic lighthouse path '' marks the head of a walking trail for tourists . there are many signs on a pole in front of the lighthouse . a man stands beside a rock while holding up a camera . a plaque that describes an historic lighthouse that was built in 1860 a black and white light tower is seen up the hill .
we came to this island for a vacation . there were many other tourists like us eating at this place . we drove on the roads in hopes of seeing some sights . we came upon this lighthouse close to the beach . we went up to the lighthouse to explore .
a large stone with a map of the lighthouse path . a light house is in front of calm yet cloudy skies . the pictures is taken from below the light house . in front of it there is a sign post . several people are standing on top of a mountain at the observation deck . a sign on a wall is for the historic lighthouse a lighthouse appears against a blue sky . there are two people looking over a stone wall .
a map guides the way to the historic lighthouse . looking up at the lighthouse from below . the mile post sign showing various locations . a history lesson on the lighthouse . the view of the lighthouse from the ocean side .
the sign explain what the path west for and where it led to . sign on pole in front of light house the lighthouse provides not only protection , but also a great place to lookout over the sea . this is a plaque which is located at a historic lighthouse . a lighthouse from the upper parapet of stone , with a woman photographing the lens house .
a day at the riverwalk in location location you can buy a ticket and ride down the river . water , water everywhere . it was amazing . i had to have a little fun with dad ! really cool old bridge . very nice
a nice creek located in the middle of two sidewalks and beautiful structures . we were on the ferrie while others admired the ride the boy is walking cross the river on the rocks . a man and woman standing in a group of people a small stone bridge over a small city river .
my family was taking a trip in another country . we decided to try the local river cruise to see the sites . it dropped us off deep in the jungle me and dad were able to get alot of good photos . we ended up back in town at the end of the day .
there are a bunch of couples enjoying the scenery around the stream . boat full of tourists on waterway with pedestrians on walkways . the little boy is hopping across the rocks to be sure not to get wet . a boy putting bunny ears behind his fathers head a river passing through a canal and under a bridge .
we decided to take a trip to see the location location . we took a barge trip and floated along down the bank . they let us out of the barge and we got to explore a bit . here 's a pic of the two of us on the barge . we passed under a bunch of old bridges .
adults sit on stone ledges along riverbank in park like setting . a group of people that are on a boat . a young child crossing a cobbled stone bridge . kid giving a man bunny ears with his fingers . a bridge that overlooks the waters on the pond .
it was a nice clear day for the service . many paid their respects as he was laid to rest . there were so many people who came to show their support many people shared stories about him . his family receives the flag in his honor .
two helicopters flying together high above the trees . a picture of a shade structure with the word powell on it several people meeting outside and having deep conversation . a man shaking hands with a woman in a meeting area . military personnel presents a flag to a man at a funeral .
today , on a beautiful peaceful day , we said goodbye to a loved one . it was a good turnout as we watched the casket lower into the ground . many people came by to offer condolences . even back at the house the family was overwhelmed by the love and support shown during this tragic time . the best part of the service was when the family was presented with the flags and thanked for their service .
two black helicopters flying across the sky above trees . a crowd of standing people facing a large brown tent with the words powell written on it . a couple of guys are shaking hands after making the deal . a man and a woman shake hands in formal attire . at a military funeral , the next of kin of the two deceased service members are presented with the flags that had draped their coffins .
some came by helicopter . they all wanted to pay their respects . the grave side service was overflowing with people . many paid their respects to the parents . respects were also paid to the sister . formally folded flags were presented to the family .
through the bare trees you can see the clear sky and two helicopters . the brown coffin is about to go in the grave three dignitaries in suits shaking hands and speaking to one another . a group of professionally dressed people shaking hands and chatting . a military man is giving a folded flag to another man
we were all excited to attend the graduation . i looked through the program to see what was going to happen . a lot of people showed up . family and friends both attended . some folks needed help with their collars being tucked into their graduation gown . the multitude of graduates paraded in for the ceremony . the graduates were a proud sight as they listened attentively .
an older woman dressed in blue is holding a piece of reading . people are crowded ta some place in the room preparing to participate in a graduation ceremony , people in robes make small talk . a man in a black robe stands at a podium giving a speech . people sit in an auditorium watching a graduation ceremony .
granny [female] read her book for hours . the graduation party was just getting started . my son graduated the next day . the faculty were all proud of my son . the parents could not wait to celebrate with their graduate children .
an edlerly woman reads a magazine while sitting at a desk . the lady on a wheel chair is wearing white shoes and socks a gathering of people standing on a lawn in graduation gowns . a man giving a speech at a [organization] [organization] graduation . this scene show 's people gathered around for the graduation of there family member 's .
grandma reading the pamphlet for my graduatuion . had a pre-party before i even graduated ! the teachers helping each other out in getting ready . walking to the stage to get our diplomas . patiently awaiting our names to be called .
a little old lady wearing blue reading a book a room filled with people dressed in formal attire . the room contains chairs , tables , couches , and balloons . a group of recent graduates and professors stand around chatting and mingling the man stood at the podium that had penn state written on it . a meeting hall of sorts , where many people have gathered to listen to a speaker
we went to a vineyard for the holiday weekend . there were pigs there ! it was my first time seeing such pigs . our friend wore a funny hat that caught everyone 's attention . he was the subject for many jokes . later , we all gathered at the long table to eat and drink wine .
a boy in the middle of a field holding onto a balloon . a couple of farm animals sits behind a wire fence . two men talking while one smiles and the other covers his ears with his hands . the sun is shining brightly over the field with a windmill in the background . a man and two women are in a bean field .
jimmy is walking up to the group of people at the farm the pigs are anxiously awaiting jimmys arrival as well jeff doesnt want to hear matt keep asking when jimmy will be there ! ! off int he fireld they see the shape of a man and realize jimmy is there ! ! the girls are really happy to see thier friend
a young man standing in a windy field holding a balloon . two large pigs are standing by the fence together a man has a surprised look on his face while looking at another man . plants grow in a field under a wind turbine . two women are taking a picture outside with a man behind them
today we visited a farm . we spotted some pigs . at the table , my brother and i jokes around . the windmills were spinning . we got on a hayride and had a great time .
a young man smiles while holding a balloon . two giant black pigs behind a metal chain fence by flowers . two guys animatedly having a conversation outdoors with lots of greenery behind them . the windmill dominates the fields of crops a group of people stand in a field in the daytime .
we arrived at the festival looking forward to an enjoyable day . this man had an interesting display of grass for the lawn . [male] wanted to be sure and enter the contest , maybe he will get lucky . these ladies wanted to show the programs they signed up for a good cause . [male] and [female] picked up some plants that will go nicely in their yard .
people enjoy the stone soup festival on a cloudy day . a bearded man in yellow overalls is standing near a table . a couple is carrying out their newly purchased plants from the market . two women in sweaters , one holding a brochure and the other a card and a tool . a group of people gather around a table covered in newspaper .
this is a picture of a crowd . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of a man wearing glasses . this is a picture of two women . this is a picture of two people .
the entrance to the stone soup festival with several people coming out under the banner . the vendor is offering his wares to the passing buyers . a couple walks away from an outdoor market with plants in hand . two women presenting items for the camera person . a group of young people cluster behind a pair of display tables .
we went to the stone soup festival . the man showcased his items . this couple bought a plant . these two showed pieces of paper . lastly , a group of friends are seen making soup .
people walking under a banner at a festival . man standing by his table at a farmers market two people walk in an outdoor marketplace and carrying a plant . mother and daughter set out on a fall day to trout lake/cedar cottage for the apple harvest . a group of people present an environmental demonstration in the cold .
if we really focus on it we can get on this show ! come on i know we can do it if we work together all i have to do is get a few people and we are off to the races i think we can do it just a couple more here we are this is the team that is going to win !
a man with a ponytail and glasses points to the television . two men talk and hold a laptop at an auto body shop . they gathered around in chairs and had discussions on everything . a man with gray hair wears a black t-shirt and glasses . a group of friends smile as they work on something on their computers
yesterday after i was bored so i called all of my friends to come over . i made cupcakes for everyone before they arrived . eventually some people started showing up . we had a lot of fun chatting with each other . i had a great time and i hope everyone can come over again soon .
a man with a ponytail and glasses pointing to a monitor mounted to a wall . two casually-dressed mean are sitting near a glass door and talking . this image is of a group of people relaxing . man with glasses wearing a black t-shirt with a blue logo two men sitting and three men standing as they smile for a picture
it 's was eric 's birthday and everybody at the office bought presents to surprise him with . one coworker even baked cupcakes . the group of friends socialized in the meeting room . [male] thanked his friends for throwing such a great party . everybody was laughing and having a good time .
a black t-shirt wearing man teaches a lesson . two men talking to each other by the door leading to the outside two males and a female spending time with each other . a man in a graphic tee smiles to the camera a group of five men a restaurant in front of red wall .
i got to watch two of my good friends get married this weekend . after they danced they went to cut the cake . the bride was having fun with it ! even the kids had a great time dancing on the dance floor . the groom was almost in disbelief with how much fun everybody was having . by the end of the night some of the kids just wanted to sit down and relax ; they were tired of dancing .
a bride and groom staring intently into each other 's eyes some ones wedding cake with flowers on it two young girls and a couple dancing indoors . trivia night at church was fun for some people a little kid that is next to the woman .
the bride and groom look into each others eyes as if its the first time they met . they both get ready to slice the cake . the dancing and fun starts . the groom gives a speech to the crowd . a child and his mom look at their food .
bride and groom loving look at each other while holding a bride , man and child stand around the table , preparing to cut the cake . two kids holding hands dancing beside a woman in a white gown and a man a man infront of a crowd while another man reads from a book young boy wearing brown sports coat at dinner with woman
the wedding was beautiful last night . the bride and groom cut up the wedding cake and served it . it was very good . at night everyone got together to dance . the groom was willing to dance with anybody who wanted to . some of the children were very bored .
a couple embrace for their wedding picture in their wedding attire . people are standing around a table with a wedding cake children dancing in front a woman in a bridal gown . love the lights in the back , it brightens up the room . a young boy wearing a suit jacket sitting with a woman .
the ancient ruins loomed overhead as we made our way through them . they are an awesome sight to behold . my girlfriend had a great time here . i did as well , roaming around these old structures . she even climbed up on a few and enjoyed the view .
the rock had been eroded by the ocean over the years . stonehenge type rocks are set against an overcast sky . a girl with a flannel jacket , and side swept bangs . an image of man wearing a black jacket a girl finds a seat in an unlikely place .
we visited what was left of a construction in the hills . most of the original building looks like it was worn down over time . we spent the day exploring the site . then we took pictures to remember the day . after that we took time to enjoy the scenery .
a tall towering rock sculpture resembling that of a cylindrical type a group of rocks in a large field with some sticking up taller than others . a girl with a coat and her hair in a ponytail standing outside . a man with little hair in a blue coat standing in front of a tree a woman sits casually on an ancient stone formation .
[male] and [female] went to visit the stone city today . it is very unique and special . the city has been formed throughout the years by the water and nature . [female] admires how the city was formed and how it stays there during the storms . [male] says he likes the really tall one . they remind him of skyscrapers . [female] takes one more photo to remember the stone city . it is off to lunch for the two of them .
a worn cylindrical rock statue posed and towering outside . this are some old ruins that have almost fell apart . a lady with large facial features stands at the beach . man in a dark blue vest with a blue long sleeve shirt under it a woman sitting on a large stone rock in a field .
we got to the park ... and it was wonderful . we brought the baby and she was sleeping . but , the rest of us enjoyed ourselves . we hung out with many we have n't seen in a long time . and , even were given tickets to the gun show .
pair of people sitting on a blanket together in a park . the family looks with surprise at the day 's headlines on the newspaper as they eat lunch in the park . a group of people sitting together and talking in the grass . large gathering of people in an open grassy area . the man is kissing the tattoo on his right arm .
[male] and [female] posing for a picture while waiting for the show to start . [female] brought little suzy along to keep her entertained . [female] rocking the pink cowboy hat like only she can . the light started to fade and the music started . [male] dancing to the beat of the music .
two friends sitting on a picnic blanket together the ladies looked at the newspaper with amusement.while someone held it up . a group of women is sitting in the grass smoking cigarettes and talking . a group of people socialize together in a lush green park . a man with sideburns shows off his sleeve tattoo .
we spent the day at the park . we had the babies there . we had the grannies there . at dusk we all did a prayer circle . i think i need a new tattoo to commemorate the occasion .
young couple enjoying beautiful day at the park . a newspaper is held up for two women to read . women that are sitting next to each other in the park . a group of teenagers group together at this dark , unlit part of the woods . a man that has tattoos on his arms for a reason .
the local native american tribe had a festival and the had a bon fire . the women showed everyone how to make things out of feathers . the showed people how to make baskets . they then had a dance and everyone joined in . the last thing they did was show us how to make arrow heads .
native american is starting a fire for cooking a woman is holding a pair of scissors and some kind of fiber . a close up shot of a brown , woven basket . a group of adults and children hold hands and create a long , winding line . a man with a mohawk using a stump as a table to do some sort of crafting .
this man was making a spear using traditional methods . this woman was about to weave a basket out of reeds . this is what her basket is going to look like when she finishes . the locals grabbed all of the visitors and asked them to dance with them . this man is crafting some jewelry out of animal bones .
native american building a fire outside his camp area . this lady is demonstrating how to weave baskets crafted woven object that is a unique artistic expression . a traditional dance at a town square gets everyone involved . a man is sitting outside working with bone tools .
the festival of native arts was wonderful . first , we learned how to make a fire . next , there was a weaving demonstration . it was fascinating . the basket that got woven was raffled off later in the day . the dancing lesson got all of us laughing ! we loved the show of carved wood . i could n't help but buy a few carved animals .
a man holding a long skinny wood pole in a fire . a woman that is making something out of leaves . half of a woven basket sits outside in the daylight . a group of people holding hands and dancing outside at some festival . a man with a mohawk is working with tools .
the day began with a modicum of excitement . mother walked the kids to school on the rainy day . the children and parents funneled into the school . as the children went into class , mother and daughter said goodbye and took a final photo . after that , it was time to do it all again with little roe !
a girl playing with a young boy with no shirt on . a mom and her daughter on the first day of school walking in the rain parents are escorting their children to school . they are outdoors and the weather is rainy . a kid is walking next to a black door a boy holding a sign on his first day of preschool .
lenna got ready for her first day of school . i walked with her to the school . we joined a lot of students at the entryway . lenna looked kind of scared . she enjoyed herself that day though ! next i dropped roe off for his first day of preschool . i was sad to see my baby go .
a little girl that is smiling next to her brother . a lady and a kid using an umbrella are crossuin g the street people are walking on a red sidewalk near a play structure . a young brunette child looks at the camera , behind her a blonde child looks away . a little boy holding up a sign saying 1st day of preschool
we got ready for the first day of school today . it was raining really hard so we had to bring the umbrella . all the children made their way into the building . here is our daughter getting ready for her first classes . our son was really excited to go .
a little girl and her brother sitting on a couch a woman in a white shirt and black shorts carries a blue book bag while helping a young girl carrying an umbrella to walk across the street . a very wet end of school day as parents pick up their offspring . little girl looking at the camera and standing next to a door with the word week on it . a little boy with a piece of paper , and all of his information on it , for his first day of preschool .
the kids were all lined up and waiting patiently . they were excited it was finally time to start . they were so happy to receive their certificates . this little boy was very proud of his accomplishment . after the awards ceremony , it was time to play outside !
young children lined up at indoor in front of chalk board . kids are in front of other people raising arms a group of small excited children being handed things a little boy held up his certificate that he got from his school . kids playing in a large water park area .
all of the children won awards last weekend . they were all very proud to receive them . their parents were also very proud of all of them . afterward they all went to the park to hang out . all of the kids had a great time at the park .
a group of children in a row in front of a projector screen . a group of small children standing and celebrating . a man handed diplomas to a young boy while friends and parents clapped a young boy holding up a school certificate some of the kids are standing on the water while others are swimming
the kindergarten class gathers to celebrate graduation . as their names are called , each student goes up to receive a diploma . they are each proud of themselves and their friends as they move on to the next chapter in their schooling . each student receives this little diploma showing their achievement . following the ceremony , each child goes to the local water park to celebrate and have fun !
several small children dressed up at a function . children are putting their arms up in celebration . the children are standing in front of their families a young boy holds his certificate of completion . boys are wading in the water that has fountains and pillars .
here is my friend and i after the wedding . look at how beautiful the seating is . it took me months to decide on the decorations . here is my new husband and i . are n't we the perfect couple . here is my friend and his little girl . is n't she just adorable ? i hope to start a family of my own really soon . i am so glad to see that everyone is having a good time . even the baby !
two girls standing together outside of a house . fancy dinner set up with white table ware and flowers in the middle , seating eight a man and woman posing at a formal event . a man holds a small child in pink . a group of people that are having a drink together .
i went to the wedding last weekend . the tables were beautiful . i had a great time there . the entire family was there . it was so much fun .
two women in sundresses standing on a deck posing for a photo . a dining table with several plates and silverwares the couple is dressed for a formal event . a man with short brown hair holds a baby . man with small child sits at table during indoor event .
dad and his little girl were so cute today . my sister held this little guy for a while , she really enjoyed being around children . here 's dad with some of the lovely ladies from the party . we ate so much , it was so good , would highly recommend . it was so fun , i really enjoyed being with everyone , i took this picture before i left .
two women in dresses posing for photo on patio . a table at a reception with a purple and white floral center piece . the man and woman are dressed up for the party . man with glasses in blue shirt holding a baby in pink with pink swirly bow in hair a man holding a baby is sitting at a table .
[female] was embarking on a day of accumulating some more of her photographic art . her first subject was a portrait of a man in a hat . the backgrounds is stark adding to the artistic expression of the photo . next , [female] took a photo of still art . she appreciated the pattern seemingly extending forever . back to a live subject , she selected a female with a sense of motion in the photo . the last item was another still art with a pattern that fascinated [female] . she was comfortable with the mix of portraits and still art she created .
a person with glasses that is taking a selfie . a man is starting at the camera intensly . a ceiling is covered in evenly spaced sprinklers . black and white picture of a woman dancing an odd assortment or wires holds up an item
i had a dream i was going down a long tunnel with a light at the end . above were lights . or were they stars ? i finally found myself in a bright room . when things came into focus , i saw strange alien sculptures . i ran away from that building as fast as i could !
a woman laying on her back and holding a camera above her face a man wearing a hat and low cut shirt is looking at the camera an art installation with countless lights on the ceiling . a woman with black hair in a black and white background seems to be dancing . the decoration hung from wires in different directions
the photographer of the series thought quite abstractly . she did portraits , but only in black in white . many of her photographs were simply patterns and she rarely offered explanations of why she chose to put these on display . the people she photographed seemed to have vibrant personalities that brought light to the pictures . the rare color photograph she took was still quite unusual .
a glasses-wearing woman holds a camera and looks into it . man posing with a sweater and hat in black and white white objects are hanging from a black ceiling with white polka dots . a woman is lost in the music while she dances . strings from various angles grasp onto a bunch of leaves and vines .
the game had started with a lot of anticipation . both teams had been preparing for this showdown since the beginning of the season . the game was intense , and the score was kept close . neither side was prepared to give an inch ! night began to fall and the lights came on with the score still tied !
the opposing team member is chasing the player with the ball . a team of people celebrating a good soccer move . a soccer player walking on the field , with a rainbow in the sky behind him . members of two teams ( one wearing blue and the other wearing white ) are playing soccer under a cloudy sky . people are chasing a soccer ball on a field
on our evening walk we found a soccer team having a match at a local park . the blue team was from our local community , so we naturally cheered for them . the opposing team was from a nearby city and they played very wel . our local team was very aggressive with the ball but they had their work cut out for them . the game went on even after the sun went down , but i was glad we stayed and watched .
two soccer players moving across the grass in front of spectators . group of men in blue and white uniforms playing soccer . a man standing alone on a soccer field with a dark sky and a slight rainbow visible the team and their opponents paused the game when the clouds darkened overhead . two teams playing soccer in an outdoor arena .
the soccer match was hotly contested , and these players fought for the ball . after scoring a goal , teammates celebrated . one player patrols his area of the field during the match . players milled around during a brief stoppage in the action . the game ended with the blue team kicking the ball around .
two soccer players on a field vying for the ball . soccer players hug each other on the pitch . he looked dejected as he walked off the field men playing soccer in a large field on an overcast day a soccer game is currently taking place out on the field .
for my painting class i need to do a painting of an outdoor scene , so i took a walk today to get some ideas . this tree captured my interest . i like the shape of the branches . flowers might be an idea . i just do n't know if i should paint several flowers or just one . of course a cluster is also an idea . i have much to think ab out before my next class .
dense population of trees with tiny buildings settled in between them . a grey house up on a hill with blue sky behind it . grass field with a wall and building in the background . a grassy and and a gravel area are near a big tree . a group of colorful buds sprout up in a field of bushes .
going to the city was great because it was the most gorgeous city i had ever seen . the buildings were built well and near trees . the house that we stayed in was large and accommodating . getting to look out at the blue sky all day was our reward . the flowers in the grass were gorgeous and we picked some .
a high view of a city showing homes and trees an ultra modern house is surrounded by pine trees and sunshine . stone structure and monument in a park on a sunny day open grassy park area on a cloudless sunny day . yellow and red flowery plants sprout in an otherwise green and brown area .
i went into the city to do some shopping . when i got back i decided to take a nap . afterwards i had to mow the lawn . the lawn is very big . i watered the flowers .
a bunch of houses are surrounded by trees a tall gray building with trees nears it and a clear sky over head . the sunny , grassy yard of a house . the open field features a very tall tree . orange and yellow flowers stick out from the grass .
the house is covered in snow . the street is covered in snow . this is a winter scene . the street needs to be plowed . some children are playing in the snow .
a residential area is covered in a foot of snow . a car completely covered in snow except for the tires the cars have a lot of snow on it . two young girls play outside in the snow and build a snowman . a snow covered neighborhood in the neighborhood at daytime
this place is having their winter season . the car near the house was covered with snow . even the roads , the cars on the roads , the trees were also covered with snow . the two kids were enjoying the snow and making snowman . the place was surrounded with snow no people around because it was cold outside .
an image of a snow covered mountain with a house a car is completely covered in a lot of snow parked cars are completely covered in snow outside young children dressed in snow gear in the falling snow . building and land covered in thick snow .
today we had the biggest snow storm of the winter ! we were snowed in and could n't leave . plenty of other cars got stuck on the side of the road in the storm . the kids loved playing in the snow building a snowman . finally the roads were cleared we were able to get out !
a snowy suburban scene with snow covered homes , bushes , and cars in the background . a small car covered from hood to trunk in snow . a road covered in snow with many snow-covered parked vehicles . a couple of kids are playing out in the snow suburbs with houses and sidewalks covered in snow .
you can explore a whole new world as a new character in video games . you can shop for accessories for your online avatar . you can send your online persona out into the world and play games . you can explore a world where the laws of physics sometimes work a little different . you can experience different seasons in just a few minutes .
various hairstyles are depicted on a card for barbers . four colorful candy dispensers sitting in a line on a table in front of matching posters . futuristic photos of a woman standing next to a black column with lights . an image of colorful digital jigsaw puzzle pieces . digital image of a monument cover in snow on a stormy day .
i finally got my hands on the newest game to hit the market and it 's complete with realistic looking vending machines . after walking around the area a bit i also ran into a realistic looking statue in the center of the room . if your into makeup and advertising there is no need to worry because this game has that too . an outside look at the shopping mall from the parking lot . another store complete with a full size display and various clothes .
a picture of women with their hair done is on the side of a building wall . the objects are four and animated with different colors a person in brightly colored clothes rides a surreal , transparent carousel . a bunch of puzzle pieces are piled up together a winter scenery of grass coming through the snow with brown pillars and a white screen .
the new computer technologies had allowed us to make significant strides in signs . and , other types of designs or logos . i even learned to make abstract images.. like , this colorful puzzle . i finished my education with buildings .
an advertising sign for hair salon with different colors on awall . screens are on the wall for frozen yogurt an animation of a girl on a pole in a futuristic room . colorful puzzle pieces seem to be floating in space above milky way . the landmark glistened in the snow covered mountain tops .
local tornado map is not looking good . here is a photo of the tornado that is coming close . we were worried about the close proximity of the tornado more bad weather for the weekend road is closed due to flooding
a map of southern [location] states with a tornado warning for many counties . a tornado is touching down behind two houses . a woman trying to get the man 's attention . large , gray clouds move over a string of two story homes in a suburban neighborhood . a red car that is making a plan about the water on the road .
when i first saw the tornado warning i did n't believe it . it was n't until i saw the tornado with my own two eyes that i was absolutely terrified . it only lasted for about five minutes but those five minutes felt like an hour . fortunately , the tornado did not do significant damage . but not long after the tornado the flooding started and our town was under siege again .
a map shows the boundaries of some counties a funnel cloud touching down behind these two beautiful homes in this cul de sac , making the whole sky look like a storm brewing . crazy people standing outside when a tornado is coming storm clouds hover over an apartment community . a red truck drives toward a flooded section of road .
the weather forecast told us that we were going to have a tornado in the evening . the tornado touched down over our neighbor 's house . we decided it was n't too dangerous to go outside and take some pictures . the rain clouds were thick all over the town . some of the roads below sea level even flooded . luckily enough no one was hurt .
a weather map is showing potentially dangerous weather . the large and powerful tornado was seen in the distance stormy day as a tornado touched down in a subdivision and two people seem unaware in front of it . dark ominous clouds over some houses in a neighbourhood . a red truck parked at the edge of a body of water flooding over a road making it impassible .
[male] showing off his tattoos to the girls . [male] sings another original ballad . the lights in the restaurant gave off a friendly glow . [female] and [male] get caught sneaking a kiss ! we were surprised to see the street had been closed .
a man showing his portrait tattoos on his calf . three men are singing into microphones next to each other . a reflection of disco light balls in the mirror she was not able to get him to dance with her all night personnel wearing reflective clothing stand at corner near road construction at night .
i spent yesterday relaxing at home . i smoked all of my cigarettes . i also bought a new chandelier . my dog was relaxing with me . after a few hours i left to go to a bar .
several faces tattooed on the leg of a man wearing jeans and sneakers . a band with three singers performing on stage colorful round globes hang from the ceiling and reflect in a mirror . a blurry photo of an couple hugging each other . firefighters are hard at work on a busy city street .
we visited with some friends . one of them showed me his tattoos . we went to a bar and watched some bands . the decor was brilliant . my husband had a great time too . the walk home was n't as much fun .
a person displays a tattoo on their lower leg . a group of men , one wearing a hat sing or talk or something . a group of large lantern shades in front of a mirror . the couple is sharing a private joke with each other . firemen are standing on a street filled with pylons .
for fourth of july weekend we decided to take a camping trip and watch the stars and fireworks from our tent . we had so much fun talking we almost missed the finale . we talked a bit about the show and also about the concert that would be happening in the same place the next day . after the show and talking , we all turned in and called it a night . we woke up the next morning to find that even more people had set up camp overnight ! it was like a real festival .
these people look like they are on vacation at night by the pool . a bunch of people are in a tent people in a tent in a stadium parking lot look like they 're about to fight . sleeping out in tents to be the first to get tickets . the parking lot was full of camping tents in a row .
the organizers got their tents set up that day . they planned on what they were going to do . they unpacked all their needed supplies . then they got all the equipment ready to go . once it was all set up , and the clock struck 9 , their firework display started .
a group of friends that are on top of the hill . a group of friends curl up in a tent while talking and using their cell phones . a group of people gathered around outside by a blue tent . grouping of tents are between fences while a small group of people are gathered together . look at some of the people that are camping out to get tickets .
fans watch the fireworks in the distance . many campers share a tent . friends visit from tent to tent . darkness has fallen and it 's time to rest . it 's the morning of the big game .
group of people sitting on top of grass looking at fireworks . people sitting in a circle a small blue tent several people standing around a tent set up in a parking lot the tents are set up in the parking lot of a building . a group of tents that are in a parking lot .
had our christmas party at the weirdest place . it looked like a bunch of gecko lined up against the wall . food was great , several different combinations of food too . plenty of friends and co workers with there spouses . we had a raffle but i did n't win a darn thing . here are some ladies i got to me and they were so much fun to be around . they used the word yolo several times in the evening .
older women gather with lizard overlords in a meeting place . a group of people standing next to a table and being served food a middle aged couple poses for a photo while dressed in festive christmas attire . older people in red shirts and christmas accessories stand by a stairwell and in front of a huge white screen . three women sitting at a table posing for the camera
i went to the christmas party last year . everyone was having a great time . i got to dance with a lot of the people at the center . they were all very nice . i made some new friends .
two elderly women walk through a room with tables and lizard statues . a group of people taking food from the tables during a celebration . two people that are dressed for the christmas holiday . a group of adults pose for a photo wearing festive christmas outfits . three old ladies are sitting around a table .
this is our work christmas party . these people do n't ' believe in christmas but wanted to attend the party anyways . this it the owner of our business and her husband . these women all work in the front office . there are n't a lot of employees so there is a lot of room at the tables .
an image of older women attending a dinner a group of people shown at an event table getting food food a woman dressed in red and white is standing next to a man in a [location] hat . five people dressed in red and white with [location] hats posing for a picture three older women are sitting at a round table drinking wine .
reina was excited to finally make the trip to location location . she had heard for years that the town was filled with gorgeous nature and beautiful architecture . little did she know , though that it was also famous for its drinks , but she soon learned as she quickly downed her delicious drink . it was a great trip .
woman stand at overlook with buildings and ships at oceans edge . a scene of a village with the beach in the background . the old building has many windows and balconies . a pitcher of drinks with cut up fruit in it . a lady eating fruit salad drenched in syrup .
the water glistened with the suns first rays . she dressed warmly that day . she tried an exotic drink in the local bar . she posed at the original well site . the most amazing thing she saw was an old rolls [male] being used as a planter .
a young woman on the roof with a body of water behind her . a beautiful city with a beach and trees . the top of an old building with balconies on each window , the sky is a single shade of blue a clear pitcher filled with foods and liquids complete with a ladle . woman trying dessert with a spoon from a glass
liz was so happy to be on vacation . she had a great view of the mountains from her hotel . she went to the local restaurant nearby . she had herself a tasty corn dish . she loved the sweet taste and texture of her food as she posed for a picture .
a woman wearing a scarf is standing above a beach sunny day overview of a town sitting next to a large body of water the top corner of a historic old building on a clear afternoon . a plastic utensil sticks out of a glass pitcher filled with a fancy beverage . a woman is eating food from a glass .
[male] made thanksgiving dinner , he mashed yams . the turkey came out perfect , [male] slices the turkey . the cheese ball he made was everyone 's favorite .
a turkey , stuffed and tied , in a roasting pan on top of a stove . a bowl of sweet potatoes mashed with eggs in it . the turkey is finished and ready to be carved a man with glasses and a brown shirt cutting roasted chicken a cheese and cracker tray with half the cheese missing .
everyone came for thanksgiving , we ate most of the turkey , it was delicious . the strawberry cheesecakes were a big hit ! after dinner [male] and ally played scrabble . everyone was stuffed .
a turkey filled with stuffing is tied down to a cooking pan . a bowl of mixed ingredients waits to be mixed together . a turkey is being cooked on a grill . a man is taking a turkey out of a dish and there is other food cooking . a plate with a partially eaten cheese ball and crackers .
we set up the bird before we shoved it in the oven . here is some sweet potatoes we are mashing . here is the bird , cooked , in all its delicious glory . we carved up the bird because we wer ehungry . our desserts we sweet and out of this world .
a stuffed white turkey in a cooking tray some sweet potatoes are in a bowl on a table . a cooked turkey that remains in its oven pan the young man was carving the turkey knowledgeably . crackers and half eaten dip sitting on the table .
our award ceremony opened with the color guard presenting the flag . there was a large crowd in attendance . the commissioner gave a great speech about the importance of our job and congratulated us on doing it well . the best part of the ceremony was when they began to announce the names of those that would get the awards . i was really surprised and happy to receive the job well done pin !
the paramilitary organization is having a formal display a woman speaking at a podium with men and women in uniforms sitting in chairs nearby . a man in uniform at a podium with other people looking on . the officers posing for a picture with a man and a woman . a man in uniform is pinning something on another smiling man in uniform by a flag .
the entire police academy class looked on as the honorary guard held the location flag at the front . my brother and his fellow police academy grads listen closely as the president of the academy speaks . after she was done speaking my brother took his shot at the podium . after giving his speech my brother stood proudly with his two instructors . once he was done posing for the picture my brother 's favorite instructor pinned his badge onto his shirt .
an image of a military group with the flag a woman is speaking at a podium near some fish and game officers . police officer is giving a presentation while colleagues look on . five people posing for a photo , three men are in uniform , and the male and female in dress clothes . an officer pins an award to another officer 's shirt front .
today was one of the days i had been waiting on for a while . we had a ceremony for the aviation committee and it felt great . i got to speak in front of everyone . this was my first time public speaking and i was very nervous . i got through it and it felt so good to do something new . getting pinned was the best part of the day .
several people in uniform hold a flag in front of a stage . a group of people in matching uniforms sit and listen to a woman speaking at a podium . a young man in a forest ranger 's uniform speaking at a podium while an older ranger and a woman in a suit watch him . a group of policemen are pictured with other people . a police officer pinning an award ribbon on a fellow officer .
some countries have markets where they sell and trade goods . individuals come to the market with the goods that they make to sell or trade . many merchants have started their own businesses . some make a living on a specific talent or trade . whatever they have , they bring to the table to acquire needs and wants from other people . since so many people are contributing , it is a good way to make sure everyone has their needs met .
an overhead view of a city shows many buildings many people sit in the market and sell yellow flowers man carrying large basket on head in native country . the books are stacked up on the floor . pastries are gathered together in a cardboard box
visiting location for the [female] . went to the flower market to see the beautiful flowers . a merchant carrying flowers to sell to interested buyers . about to by a book to learn the cultures . bought different irresistible deserts to try .
the aerial view of buildings in a city . group of people in a market selling their wares a man carries a basket full of stringed flowers on his head . many books laid out and stacked on the floor these pastries do n't look that appetizing but they really are tasty
we went to the mega flower shop in the city . many people were hauling in fresh flowers from afar . a lady is selling some nice orange flowers . this man has huge sacks full of flowers to sell . some vendors got creative with how they display and sell their flowers .
a city bazaar seen from above with the cityscape in the background . a group of men sitting and preparing their flowers for sale . man carrying a basket of flowers in his head . there are a lot of books stacked up and laying on the ground . a wide variety of pastries are shown in a box .
there were many cans of gasoline stored . these two men wore very interesting shirts . we decided to observe the televisions . the orange car arrived in excellent condition . together , we made the plane for the next event .
a nascar race car stands on display at a convention the car is yellow and is a mustang . a nice blue car in a show room with white stripes . orange race car on display sponsored by braille company . an orange automobile that is on display in the show .
we went to an auto show today . we saw many amazing cars . we saw cars that had hoods that went up in a weird way . we even saw many race cars . we saw cars that were old and antique as well .
a race car is on display to sell car parts . a yellow car is on display at a show . blue luxury sport vehicle with its hood popped up in trade expo a red racing car inside an exhibition house a race car with the door open on the side and the number seven
i was off work this weekend so i decided to attend the local car show . there was a huge variety of cars . i was able to check under the hood with this one . i fell in love with this one . i would love the chance to drive this car , but i know it wo n't happen . i 'm just happy that i was able to attend the car show .
a sign above a car is for hsm works a yellow mustang car with a tall spoiler on the rear a shiny blue race car with white racing stripes sits on display in a show room . a red race car that is parked inside a building . unique racing car on display at indoor car show .
this is before i start to get some art on my arm i am a little nervous , but i out out my hand anyway . the artist starts to draw a design . it is a long stem with leaves , so far so good . the end result was just what i wanted . this was great .
a young woman smiling for the camera outside image of a persons arm and hand , turned upwards . the woman paints a henna tattoo on the customer 's forearm . a henna tattoo being drawn on somebodies wrist a skinny , long , flower tattoo is going up someone 's inner arm .
before my friend 's wedding , i went into the city to see a tattoo artist . she unrolled my sleeve and prepared my arm for the artwork . she started drawing a simple branch . then she added leaves to the long plant . finally , she made a drawing of a plant running up my arm .
a dark-haired woman in front of a potted plant smiles . a woman 's arm is turned up so that the wrist is visible . a short haired woman is drawing a line on a person 's wrist the henna tattoo looked great but thankfully did n't have to worry about pain . a person that has her arm painted with leaves .
we made it to the town . first stop was to purchase russian dolls . she made sure to get her henna tattoo this time . the kids played on the splash pad . the adults enjoyed wine and cheese .
a head shot of a young ethnic woman outside next to a building . hey man holding out his arm to take a picture with the camera a woman is applying henna to a person 's forearm . a person is putting a fake tattoo on someones arm an arm with a tattoo of a vine with leaves
the dragon stands next to the red automobile . this car was inspired by the movie , `` aladdin . '' the witch in `` sleeping beauty '' made an appearance . snow white and her friends greeted the crowd . lastly , [male] and [female] mouse drove in a fancy car .
on lookers watch as parade floats cruise down the road . an aladin-themed disney parade float is in the disney parade . the costumed characters are participating in the parade a colorful car containing [organization] 's snow white characters enthralls the crowd during a parade . the parade at [organization] is always a big deal for everyone
the parade was amazing to watch ! there were army men marching . toy story made us all smile . r2d2 even showed up ! organization organization used the force on the audience .
fantasy characters driving down the road in a parade . a genie shaped car with aladdin and [female] characters riding in a parade . a parade features people dressed in elaborate fairy tale costumes . a car with a costumed person is traveling down the road a parade with [male] and [female] characters in a car
a disney parade starring [female] mulan and her dragon . aladdin , [female] in their genie vehicle . the villains of disney walking together . snow white and the seven dwarfs waving to the crowd . [male] and [female] mouse approaching the crowd .
mushu from mulan dances in a parade as a decorated car drives by . the parade features some disney characters from the movie alladin . four disney villains parade in a street while crowds watch . the brightly painted car is driving characters in a parade . two celebrity vermin ride in a classic car in a parade .
the group of friends decided to play a drinking game , they got their cups , and they started filling them up . [male] got the funnel out and then he got his wife to try it . it was a great night filled with alcohol and laughs .
people sitting around a table drinking and joking a man with glasses and dark hair is flipping off the picture taker . a man looks off to his left suspiciously . he looks a bit intoxicated . the man wearing the gray t shirt is using a beer bong a man is watching a woman with a funnel in her mouth .
i will put the beer in this jug to pour in the hose that we will use . i am putting my middle finger up to everyone who thinks i a punk for punking out . that is really mature of you to do that . i will be first to drink down the beer . i will beat his time for drinking down his beer .
group of adults having drinks in a living room , a man is showing his middle finger and frowning a man in a tan corduroy jacket getting his picture taken young people are gathered in a kitchen watching a man drink from a funnel . a woman in a cardigan partakes in a beer bong .
the group of friends gathered for a drinking party . [male] was n't happy to be there . [male] was n't impressed by [male] 's display . [male] thought he 'd won the chugging game . but [female] won it with her mighty chug .
three guys watching a woman play a drinking game . a man in glasses flips his middle finger up . a pale faced man with black curly hair and a gray jacket a guy at a party is drinking beer through a funnel . a young woman is drinking from a beer bong with others looking on .
today is the big day for this football team . they are about to play for a championship . organization organization in ten years . this is the new football stadium that was built and this is where they will be playing . this is what it looked like before the new stadium was there .
empty [organization] football stadium completely void of fans and players . the front gate of a stadium with giant words and an emblem . a type of trophy of some sort . the football field in the background the stadium where our local high school has games brick fence with monument to display the name of the city in .
it was a sunny and clear day at the football stadium . at location location , there were cars lining up to get in . a view of the field showed how well kept it was . a giant orange paw print marks the stadium from another side . there is beautiful landscaping around the stadium .
a large , empty stadium and a clear and sunny day . on a sunny day , cars are parked in front of [organization] [organization] 's stadium . a glass case on top of a monument overlooks a football field . there is a large red paw print on the side of the building . this image is of the sign of [organization] [organization] .
this was the large stadium empty . some cars were lined up in front of the building already . this was the view from the goal . the building was slanted and appealed to the younger kids . the area was not well taken care of though .
an empty football stadium sits under a blue sky . a couple of vehicles are parked by a brown building a rock on display up over the end zone of a football field . a large paw print is on the side of a stadium . a well cared for sign with some sort of paved court in front
here is [male] on the deck of the ship . these guys look so handsome with their uniform and smiling faces . everytime i look at this view of the sea i am glad to be part of the organization organization . here i am telling [male] about our schedule for the day . this symbols makes me so glad to be part of the organization organization .
a male stands at attention on a military vessel . four soldiers standing on a [organization] ship a tall masted ship is in a harbor with a cruise ship . a woman with her hair tied back wears a blue military-style uniform and hat a sign on the side of a ship for the [organization] [organization] .
we got ready to leave port today for the first time . our whole crew was excited . our ship was all ready to go our . the captain finally told us that we would be leaving . we were ready to help people .
a sailor wearing a blue jacket and hat standing on a boat . four men stand in uniform on the deck of a boat . on soft and flowing water , a boat floats gently on a beautiful day . a lady in a naval uniform with a decorated hat and her hair in a bun . the side of a vessel marked with the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] logo .
i am proud to be a member of the organization organization organization . my colleagues and i are in charge with protecting our nation 's waterways . more often than not things are calm and peaceful . i even met my wife in the organization organization . i could n't be happier serving as a member of location 's armed forces .
the man is dressed in navy blue cloths and awhite cape three men dressed in navy outfits in a boat . the ships are all near the shore in the calm water . the sailor woman is looking off into the distance . the side of a boat with a [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] symbol on the side .
on the night of the party everyone was so excited to see each other . a few of the guys broke out the guitar and started to play some tunes . my friend [male] got a photo standing next to his favorite character darth vader . for most of the night we decided to play retro video games . the gun i used while playing the nintendo game dunk hunt .
a group of young women stand and smile near a seated woman . one man is playing the guitar while the other watches on . man with arm around person in darth vader costume a young man lies on the floor playing a video game . an old plug in gun for a nintendo game .
i thought i was going to a cool party but it was full of nerds . i thought i would make the best of it and busted out the guitar . i was informed organization organization disapproved . they then went back to gaming . i decided if they wanted to treat the gaming like real life it was time to step it up a notch ... ..game on . pew ! !
the group was taking turns with the game . one man playing a guitar while another man watches . very happy young man getting his picture taken with darth vader . the boy lays on the floor playing a video game . a [organization] gun-shaped video game controller lays on a burnt orange carpet .
the college students gathered for a party . [male] played the guitar . then [male] took over on banjo . organization organization made an appearance . [male] played video games as the party wrapped up .
group photo with a group of females wearing white tops and sunglasses . a young man playing the guitar while another man watches . a man has his arm around the shoulder of darth vader long haired man lying on the floor playing a videogame an old [organization] video game controller that simulates the use of a gun .
the parent teacher conference started with a dramatic reading of hamlet by one of the parents . mr. wu played the part of horatio to perfection . the children were a captive audience . i decided to read an excerpt from dr. seuss as well . the children were so well behaved that i deigned to reward them with a little treat .
a woman is reading a book to the children who are looking on intently . woman sitting around a table with a lot of younger children . asian kids are huddled around a woman reading a book . a group of children sit on the floor as an older woman reads . three children , in a classroom , listen to someone who is reading to them .
we started today with story time . our teacher showed us the pictures in the book while she read to us . we love story time so i always look to get a good spot around the table and close to the book . after story time the assistant teacher started a new lesson with us . it was n't quite as fun as story time .
a woman reading a book to a group of young boys and girls . several kids sit at a table with a woman . a group of kids watch as a woman reads a book to them a group of asian kids are listening to a lady read children laying across multi-colored mats listen to a story .
teaching children about other cultures can be fun . mr [male] came to our 4th grade class and taught the children about growing up in location . even though a lot of the kids there were chinese they had been born in the location and really did n't know a lot about it . [female] sat down and read some stories afterward , telling the children more about location . and then everyone pigged out on the treats mr. [male] brought the class .
asian kids are looking at a book about black people smiling child in pink next to a woman and kids . nine children gather around an adult who is reading a book aloud . children gather around for story time to be read to . three asian children in a classroom listening to a story .
we are now mr. and mrs. shall we dance ? my new husband dances so divinely kissing is fun ! mr. and mrs. cutting the cake . here are some of our guest , thank all of them for coming .
scene that shows the blue ocean , rocks , and foliage . a teddy bear in a suit sitting on a chair . a wedding on a cliff , overlooking the oceean . a bride and groom share a kiss on their wedding day . the man and woman are cutting the wedding cake .
we had a great time at the wedding last weekend . there were a lot of people there . they chose a beautiful cliff location for the ceremony . the couple was very happy to finally be married . afterward the cut and served the beautiful wedding cake .
an ocean view from atop a rocky mountainside . a bear doll that is sitting on a chair . a bride and groom stand near a body of water . a newly minted husband and wife kiss lonvingly at their wedding . a bride and groom cutting the wedding cake .
for as long as i can remember , i 've always known that i would get married by the sea ... and that my best friend in the world , sparky , would be in the front row cheering me on . the ceremony was right out of a fairy tale ; only better . as you can see , i 'm really in love with my new husband , [male] . if our marriage turns out as good as this wedding cake , we 've got a wonderful life ahead of us ! !
upper view from the rocks of a road along the ocean surrounded by grass a stuffed bear in a tuxedo sits on a wooden folding chair . two people getting married on top pf a cliff a bride and groom kissing on their wedding day . the groom promised that he would n't shove cake in the brides face
these are the flowers i have picked out for the dessert table at my wedding reception . i asked the florist to add some yellow to the vases that will be on each dinner table . i am so excited to show these bridesmaid bouquets to my girlfriends . this larger arrangement will be at the front of the church with 2 candles on each side . i wanted the groomsmen to match the bridesmaids and found these to be the perfect match .
a bundle of white flowers is in the vase . the flowers in the vase are pretty and fresh . a white bouquet has some yellow flowers and has ribbons attached to it . a bouquet of white flowers over a black backdrop . the light colored flower arrangement was so beautiful .
the arrangement is prepared before placing in a vase . the arrangement was set in a vase and water . a beautiful ribbon was added to compliment the flower arrangement . in addition to the flowers in the vase , another centerpiece was made . the final piece to the set were two gorgeous flower bundles .
some white flowers are in a square vase a bunch of white and orange flower in a clear vase bouquet of white in peach flowers with gold and yellow ribbons flower arrangement with white , peach , and yellow flowers . two bunches of wilted white roses sit besides each other .
the flowers finally arrived for the wedding . they looked beautiful . some of them were designed real tall . one bouquet had a gold ribbon tied around it . all the flowers were just perfect for the happy occasion .
close-up view of a bouquet of white flowers with greenery . beautiful vase of white flowers with yellow and white accent flowers and greenery . the gold wrapped bunch of flowers showed a boldness of ownership a cluster of flowers that are in a bouquet . 2 clusters of pink roses with baby 's breath for accent
everyone piled into the driveway for some summer fun . the little dog was there to greet people as they came in . the little boy was excited for all the new faces . they had fun swimming in the pool in the backyard . they also took a hike and captured some of the local scenery . it was quite a fun day .
a driveway full of cars with an [organization] parked last . small black and white shaggy dog standing outdoors on sunny day . kids playing in their pool with inflatable toys . the vehicles are parked under the white clouds and blue sky the view is a large open field with a few houses far in the background .
the cars are filling up the driveway as family arrives . the small dog is curious to the new visitors . the kids get in the pool and cool off from the heat . grandpa is walking around . the field is beautiful and lush .
the gravel driveway is full of various vehicles a small dog is standing alone on the porch three children play with flotation devices in a dirty pool . a white van parked in a dirt driveway amongst other vehicles . a home sits in the distance across a field .
many cars parked in our driveway . the dog was excited . the kids played in the pool . we had to move some of the cars . the scenery was gorgeous .
the picture is of a bunch of cars in a driveway a small furry white and black dog standing on a deck . these small kids are playing in a mud-filled pool . multiple cars parked in a driveway in the country the partly cloudy sky is over a green meadow with some buildings in the back .
my friends and i had an awesome halloween party ! we had so many snacks and appetizers , the assortment was endless . we even had cake pops that looked like eyeballs ! and look at this scary dip bowl ! everybody had a blast .
three people are sitting on a couch in costume a collection of food items are placed on the table . a hand holding a fake blue eye ball . a witch-themed bowl filled with salsa rests in a bowl of nacho chips . two individuals dressed as fantasy characters pose for a picture .
friends having fun at the halloween party . table full of appetizers . eating eyes for desert . chips and bloody brain dip made of salsa . boyfriend and girlfriend having fun .
man with red shirt sits between two people prepared foods on plates and in bowls on a table . a woman picks up a candy eye balls an evil face shaped bowl of dip surrounded by chips . a silly couple takes a nice photo together
the eyeballs were cooked just right ; not too rubbery , but not too squishy , either . the flocked priest warded off the shepherdess zombie with a holy sign and his rather strong body stench . it was enough to turn off the undead . an innocuous gourd , set among other delicious entrees , contained the remains of a organization 's intern 's brain . someone had thoughtfully left a clean spoon to scoop it with . the zombie shepherdess was impressed by the shocking gesutre from [male] [male] roth . fish man , however , was not . plain [female] , the barkeep , enjoyed the show , and would keep smiling , until they later burnt her at the stake , mistaking her for a witch .
an image of a two men and a woman dressed up for halloween a table full of different dishes of food . appetizers that are decorated like eyeballs for halloween halloween decorations including a monster head in a bowl of chips . two men in robes and costumes hug each other in front of a white wall .
everyone was arriving to the cvent kick-off . as the attendees walked into the theater , they took their seats that were adorned with organization organization papers . the kick-off 's presentation wa a big success . at the end of the presentation , everyone in the theater clapped . they very much enjoyed the kick-off .
people are standing next to a sign that reads sales and marketing kick-off each seat has a copy of [organization] [organization] newspaper . marketing team on stage with a kick off for the new promo a group of students that are sitting next to each other . college students are seated in an auditorium and clapping .
everyone is excited for the annual meeting . the chairs are all set up with the proper paperwork . the presenters are ready and have their powerpoint pulled up on the screen . the huge crowd of people is seated and ready . finally the presentation is done and the crowd goes wild . it was a great conference .
the sign was very well designed and the crowds were great . a set of black chairs that have been covered with a newspaper . a sales marketing meeting with people cheering the staff on . management is probably on stage . an auditorium filled with college-age people . the fluorescent lighting gives the room a yellowish glow . a group of students are clapping at something .
the event was expected to be a huge success . and if the designated seats were any sign , there was a big day ahead . the speakers were all absolutely outstanding . one side of the audience loved what the saw and the other side likes it so much they gave a round of applause .
a blue sign is for an event that takes place in 2012 a row of seats in some kind of room , with newspapers draped over each seat . charismatic people pump up their audience on stage . a group of students are giving a round of applause for a speaker . a group of people in an auditorium with matching shirts , clapping .
halloween was not that interesting for her , so she did n't bother dressing up . she borrowed a karate costume to celebrate , and loved wearing it to work . she always wanted to be a kitty , and here was her chance ! their costumes made them feel like they could be anything they wanted to be . she felt a little odd wearing a hat at work , but she 'd always wanted to be a cowgirl !
a woman is sitting at a desk with a headset on a woman is dressed in karate gear . a woman wears cat ears and whiskers at the office a group of women that are next to each other . a woman wearing western attire sits at her office cubicle in front of a pc .
halloween is just another day at the office for some people . for some people halloween is a chance to wear that kung foo suit that has been in the back of the closet for too long . it is more fun to take calls at your desk when you are a cat . let 's all pose with this skinny fellow . the office girls are looking good . i want to be a cowgirl ! happy halloween ! !
a woman wearing a headset sits at a desk . a girl posing in a white karate gi with a white belt . a woman with her face painted as a kitten sits at a cubicle smiling for the camera three women dressed in costumes for halloween at work . a country girl works at a desk while wearing a cowboy hat .
work was very fun yesterday because everyone dressed up for halloween . some people had uniforms as costumes . most people took the time to dress up nicely . there were a lot of great costume ideas . everyone had a great time .
a female sitting in front of a computer monitor wearing a head set . a woman in an all white martial arts gi at some kind of establishment a woman in an office cubicle with face paint . women dressed up for holloween at the office the woman is dressed up as a cowgirl and taken a photo
the boy was looking at the fence as people were around . there were giant seasame street people . including an orange guy and big bird .
a person is looking through a hole in a fence sesame street characters performing for a crowd of peole a woman and a child are looking a life sized sesame street characters . a baby dancing with a person dressed in an orange furry suite . a child have a picture taken with [male] and big bird .
we took the kids out to she the muppets.for there were a lot of people there . my little daughter was amazed ! little [male] showing off his dance moves . photo op !
young child peering through fence while standing on sidewalk . image of sesame street characters performing at a luncheon . muppets entertaining little girls and little boys at an children 's event a toddler standing facing a person in a costume . a boy standing with [male] and [location] [location] .
what seemed like a boring thing to the kids piling into the cafeteria would soon surprise them . breakfast was served buffet style . soon the visitors from location location surprised the kids with a show . cookie monster did a meet and greet with all of the kids . big bird also showed up !
person in black hoodie with gray stripe looking thru a hole in a wooden fence costume play with sesame street characters . they are in the middle of a dance number . children with people dressed up as television characters . the costumed character is scaring the small child . a smiling child stands with two costumed cartoon characters .
before we toured the new space , we were able to examine some plans so the layout was not a total surprise . as soon as we entered the building we noticed the old details had been preserved . the large windows allowed lots of light to enter the large rooms . the wood details in the old walls had also been preserved . the kitchen although serviceable , could use some updating if we were to sign the lease .
an empty , blurry , out of focus room contains two doors . it is day time and the light shines through the window . a man standing in a kitchen gesturing and wearing a jacket . a picture of a brick wall is shown in the picture . a group of light hanging from a fixture , one bulb is out . the floor plans are protected by a sheet of glass to ensure they wo n't sustain damage .
my friend decided to show off his new warehouse office to me one day . the office was an open plan , but had a kitchen worked in to the former warehouse space . his future office had the brick wall of the building as a feature wall . the ceiling had interesting light fixtures installed . the floor plan showed where his office was in relation to all the others .
two blueish grey doors in a hallway and a window . a man is standing inside of a blue kitchen a brick wall in a building with no interior furniture . a square lighting fixture suspended from a wooden ceiling has twelve light bulbs and is turned on , with a single lightbulb on the upper left turned off . the schematic diagram and fire plan for a building floor .
visiting and moving into new apartment . checking out the kitchen . new bedroom backslash made out of bricks . cool square lighting in the living room . fire escape plans , and emergency exit .
building that has two doors that are close together . a man stands in a clean and empty kitchen . a brick wall with an electrical outlet toward the bottom the light fixture hanging from the wall has twelve lights . close up picture of emergency evacuation instructions of a building .
we had a wonderful tour of the city looking at architecture . many of the buildings are adorned with art such as statues . the buildings themselves are works of art . intricate reliefs are to be seen everywhere and are magnificent . the tall artistic columns are very imposing .
statues surrounded by trees welcome people into the building beautiful religious statue in a walk way near a palm tree a large rectangular run down building with a cross on the front . a stone carving of a man with arms stretched out over other figures an old church looks as if it has been burned .
[male] statues freaked him out . [female] even more so . he just did n't get it . in his mind it was like having an imaginary friend . and building enormous buildings , spending tons of money for it .
a statue of a woman and two children are infront of a building a statue of the virgin [female] outside a temple . the old building is damaged and the paint is chipping off of it . large concrete monument on the side of a building . an old building with columns and with peeling paint
i went around town testing out my new camera by taking pictures of various buildings . i found out there 's a lot of statues to be found too . some of the buildings are old and falling down . the artwork is impressive on some of them . i wish i could get closer to some to get a better shot of them .
a statue of a woman and two children in between two palms . a statue of a woman in the thresh hole of a building large official like looking building that is deteriorating a bas relief a man and angels adorns the top of an arch . the church was old but a great reminder of the past .
before heading to the race , we stopped at organization for coffee . when we arrived to the race , we had to register . after that we had to pick up our t-shirts . some of us wore costumes for the race . everyone gathered and was ready for the race .
a pretty white woman unpacking luggage in the room . crowd of people indoors with papers on tables . women are standing behind stacks of tshirts in a room smiling blonde woman dressed with costume with a prominent bright scarf around her neck . a man is smiling while wearing his racing number which is 1851 .
mom made us something to eat before we left . the line to the game was long . we ended up taking pictures instead . this lady had a cool outfit . this was a picture of me afterwards .
the woman is behind the counter of an eating establishment . several people are inside of a building doing unknown things they posed for a picture that day in front of the shirts a woman at a costume party wearing a black hat , and pick feathers . the man with a race number on his shirt is smiling .
it 's the behind the scenes people that really make any sports event special . [female] here , at the coffee station , is as important as any of the runners . the sandbag ladies are a big part of the race , just in case a flood starts during the running . [female] the good witch , the race mascot , is absolutely a crucial part of the fun . and [female] , the finish line umbrella woman , is a special lady indeed !
an obese woman is busy making some coffee a woman wearing a yellow jacket and black cap smiles at the camera . a group of volunteers in blue shirts at an event . this pink pirate ran a great race today . a man standing in front of a crowd with marathon numbers .
a day at the races with my family . my favorite ; # 55 my dad likes car # 19 . rooting for different drivers makes the races exciting for my family . my brother is a fan of car # 21 . my mom likes car # 44 she could be the biggest fan . car # 07 ended up the winner . well at least we had a good time !
a race car that is ready to compete in the track . nascar race car with [organization] [organization] logo on hood . a red race car with the number twenty one passing a white line . the race car gets ready to pull out of pit row . a man crouching at the front of a race car .
i 'd never been to a stock car race in my life until this weekend . my new boyfriend is a stock car racer , using car 55 ! i realized the race was a huge amount of fun to watch . it 's cool how all the cars are covered with ads . it 's strange , but a lot of fun to see . my boyfriend 's arch-rival is number 44 . he was glad when the officials stopped his car ! the ultimate winner was number 97 , who my boyfriend says is a very good racer . i 'll be willing to go to more races in the future .
a race car leaves a pit stop to return to the race . the race car is on the tracks accelerating at a low speed . two race cars with advertising logos on them are on the race track . a race car parked on the side for a tune up a person that is working on a car that is covered in logos .
last week i decided to take my car to the race track . there were many other people there with their own cars out on the track . some of them were very fast . i had a lot of fun racing with them . i hope i can go back again soon .
the 55 car is parked at the racetrack and is sponsored by [organization] [organization] [organization] . the dodge is a race car going around the track . two race cars can be seen on the track . a man is standing at the front of of a race car the race car is being worked on by someone .
my friends participated in a dance off . another one of my friends came to cheer them on . she is a little bit of a ham . there were lots of couples competing . the event was pretty large .
speed daters in a crowded room talking and looking at something to their side . a pretty woman in red appears shocked while her friend in the middle is in dire need of eyebrow maintenance . young people , male and female , posing for a photo . a group of friends that are next to each other . people looking at the screen to see what is going on .
welcome to 80s ' night at the organization organization organization and [male] . [female] and [male] dance with [female] [female] . [female] [female] is holding [male] up for the picture . [male] and [female] look like they are having a good time . this is a great 80s ' night this year .
the man and woman are both dressed in red . three people posing at a crowded indoor event . the 2 people are dancing on the dance floor . two people are outside at night and smiling at the camera . a presentation of sorts with a large picture and a crowd of people .
when i got to the party everyone wanted my autograph . i was happy to take pictures with them all . i got to meet a lot of different people . after a while i got tired and decided to head home . it was a great party though .
a young woman is sitting next to a man . a small group of people dancing in a club a man and a woman pose differently for a picture . a man in a bandanna and bright orange shirt with a dark haired woman . they want you to smile so you can have your picture taken .
the graduation ceremony was beautiful last weekend . there were a lot of students there . many family members showed up to support me . i was very happy to see them all . they all got me a lot of flowers .
a man stands at a podium at a graduation while graduates sit behind . a group of graduates is sitting down while a man speaks . a recent graduate poses next to her mother . an older man stands next to a smiling young woman wearing a graduation robe . these two sisters were proudly celebrating the older one 's graduation .
today was graduation day for organization organization organization . all of the students were to be graduated on the football field . [female] was graduated and she is very happy about it . here she is with her mother her father could n't be prouder of her . maybe now she can get out of the house ! `` you 're next sis ! '' [female] said to [female] . [female] was not amused .
a man gives a speech while standing in front of a group of graduates who are wearing blue robes . a graduation ceremony with a speaker at a podium and students sitting behind . a new graduate in her gown is posing with an older woman at a football stadium . a girl at graduation with her elderly grandpa the graduate is posing by the younger girl .
graduates file onto the field for their graduation ceremony . the field is becoming an excited sea of blue and white . the dean gives his speech to the families and graduates . the students wait anxiously for the dean to be done so they can officially graduate . proud family members line up to pose with the new graduates .
a guy delivers an address at a graduation ceremony . a speaker at a graduation ceremony , with graduates in blue robes seated behind him . woman in graduation gown posing with an older woman . a young woman holding a rose and wearing a graduation gown poses with an elderly man near a sports field . woman in graduation robe standing next to young girl is white hoodie
there were many people in the arena . kids and adults were having fun together . there were gymnasts who were showing off their skills . guest speakers talked about their personal experiences . united together , people celebrated their cause .
a group of people that are waving their hands in the air . young boy shoot older boy using water pistol in fun event . a [organization] [organization] gymnast is doing a split in mid air . a group of people that are standing on the stage . a crowd cheers a group holding signs denoting a monetary amount on the stage .
today we went to the gymnastics competition there were so many different age levels there we did tumbles and splits and lots of other moves afterwards the parents of smaller children posed with the little ones for photos what a great day it was to celebrate
a crowd of people with their arms in the air . an older boy pretends to be sprayed in the eyes by a small boy with a water gun at an indoor family event . a man jumping with his legs spread out wide . a group of women holding their babies a crowd of people cheer as people hold up numbers .
during the charity athletics event , people from all over the neighborhood showed up . some children who were a little too young to do the athletics , were given water shooters to help cool off some of the professionals . they just needed to be careful where they shoot . one of the best athletes came on stage and showed the kids how impressive being healthy and fit can be . after multiple presentations , the coordinators came on stage to announce how beneficial the entire event had been so far . children , athletes , and parents all came on stage and held up numbered cards that showed just how much money was earned at the charity event and the crowd was very excited .
a group of children are dancing in unison the little boy is wearing a newspaper hat and playing with the older boy . a man is jumping in the air with his legs completely spread four people with blue and orange shirts holding small children . a large crowd cheers for people on stage holding signs that read out , `` $ 7,838,054.36 ''
i helped pin a medal on my best friend 's lapel before the interview . our commanding officer then went over some questions with him and other candidates . they were then ushered into a room filled with commanding officers . they had to then explain why they deserved the promotion . the officers then went into a side chamber to decide who would get it .
a man in uniform is fixing the tie of another man in uniform . a group of military men sitting around a round table . two of the military men are actively discussing something . one military man is looking at a diagram of something . [location] [location] soldier salutes officers seated at a table during a meeting . a man in a military uniform is sitting in front of a panel of six of military personnel behind a desk . this is a picture of a military conference in a room
we got dressed in uniform for the debriefing . the officers asked there questions of me and i answered . i said my piece and took a seat . they did what they always do and told me how it is . i said what needed to be said and left the room .
two military members facing one another in an award ceremony . four men in military rooms looking at packets discussing things in a meeting . an officer saluting an internal inquiry board of peers a military man is sitting in front of more military men . six service men sitting around a table having a meeting
one soldier adjusts another 's formal fatigues . appearance is important , especially when going before the committee . the members of the committee also needed to prepare , and are feeling relaxed and attentive . deckard salutes the esteemed members , showing his respect for them , even though they 're all desk jockeys , while he saw real action in the arabian theatre . deckard testified to the committee for hours , exhaustively explaining why putting decapitated pow heads on stakes was necessary for morale . after careful deliberation , the committee agreed unanimously to recommend to the commander that new sops should specify decapitation for all .
an army man adjusting another army man 's uniform . [location] military personnel review documents and interact at a meeting . a conference table with camo officers recieving the salute of a uniformed man . a soldier sitting in front of a panel of military personnel men dressed in camouflage sitting at a table discussing documents .
i spent a morning on my computer planning the party . my family members showed up to help set up . it was birthday and they got me cake . my friends showed up late but ate my food . when drank a bottle of wine in celebration .
a man is sitting at his desk beside the window , looking at his computer . two women are standing on a stair case two different cakes sit side by side on a table wishing someone congratulations man eating food in back hard with beer out front young man sitting at table with open beer bottle and bottle of wine
[male] spends all day at his computer . his mother and her friend like to check up on him every now and then . cakes are regularly made in [male] 's home . when his hat is backwards and he 's sitting in front of a plate of food , he means business when [male] 's hat is turned the right way , it means he is satisfied .
the man is working in his clean office . two women in summer clothes stand at the top of the stairs . two decorated cakes sit on a table near knives . a man sitting at a table enjoying dessert . a man in a hat is sitting in front of wine and an ash tray .
mother was busy in the kitchen preparing the food . in the backyard , a canape was set up with folding chairs for the guests . mother received several cards . she also got two cakes from friends . her son wolfed down his meal and forgot to say thank you .
a man works on his music in his well-appointed home office . two women at the top of the stairs smiling at the camera two congratulation cakes , with ornate decorations on a table with two knives . a man takes a bite of food while he sits outside . the young man is sitting at a table covered in empty cups and alcohol bottles .
the speakers gathered before the conference to wait for the time to present . they took a group photo before presenting at the conference . some of them gave interviewed for the local media . when it was time , they all took turns speaking before the audience . after that they would take questions from the audience .
adults having a conversation while sitting at indoor table . three men and a woman are under a banner hanging from trees . the man in the sweater is recording what the other man is saying . man standing behind a podium with a solemn face and his hand raised . a man sitting at a table with a microphone is looking to the camera .
there were many speakers at a conference . people of all ethnicities spoke to the audience . the speakers also listened to other people speak . they judged what they said to the audience . there were questions asked and answered at the conference .
adults gathered at table with refreshments socializing indoors . four business people standing under sign stating play the game 2011 a man with dark hair is talking into a device held by a man in a sweater . a middle aged man standing in front of some curtains while holding his hand up in the air a man in glasses is giving a speech into a microphone .
i went to a conference . these were the key speakers at the event . they were very vocal about their game . this man moved a lot of people emotionally . they sat in a panel and answered questions .
a woman listens at a table while someone is talking . three men and one woman standing under a large banner . a man with an id tag is speaking into a device held by another man . a man in glasses stands on a stage in front of a podium . a man sitting next to others with a look of surprise on his face .
black history month started with a parade at my local college . the sororities came out in support . the small parade went down the main street . they headed towards the college campus , on their way to see the speaker . they carried a sign with the words , `` i have a dream '' , to remind everyone that they were still fighting for racial equality .
a crowd of people are demonsrtating in the field members of the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] are holding a large banner . a group of people walking on a street behind a banner . peaceful african american protesters carry a [male] [male] [male] jr. sign . people marching on the holiday dr. [male] [male] [male] , jr. day .
there were many people at the rally yesterday . they were blocking traffic on the street . i had a great time there . i brought a sign with me . after the sun started to set i went home .
people are walking and carrying a sign that says , `` i have a dream '' . sorority members are holding a blue and yellow banner people are walking down the street carrying a banner a march down a street with people holding a banner for freedom . a crowd of people march while displaying a banner for dr. [male] [male] [male] jr. day .
time for a parade to let everyone know that we have dreams . even the sororities can come out to show they have dreams . i am apart of this dream having group and i am proud . these 2 men are letting everyone know , `` we have dreams ! '' the whole neighborhood has finally joined in and could not be happier to let everyone know that we have dreams !
these men and women march for peace on martin luther king day . the sorority marched down the street with their banner a group of children march behind an i have a dream banner . a groups of african american people are marching in commemoration of dr. [male] [male] [male] , jr. day . people marching in the street holding up a banner that says i have a dream
we took the day to visit an old abandoned ship . the name of the ship was jascon 27 . it had been used in war for many of years . it was so old it was starting to rust . overall , it was a great learning experience .
a very large building with evenly spaced barred windows . an image of a boat named jascon 27 a boxy white ship is tied to a wharf . an industrial structure covered in rust and stairs the side of a metal building with two open windows and a cloudy sky
many windows to watch the daily lives of all those who work so hard on the docks . the barge where i work and help deliver goods for all those people behind the windows . barges have all the living quarters we need as we travel the water ways . units to provide air and ventilation for our comfort . looking out upon our journey and protecting us from storms the shutters of our abode .
the windows all had bars on them for protection the veseel , jascon 27 is tied to a dock with rope . the large commercial boat is docked by the pier . a picture of the outside of a factory steel plant . the corner of a building with some vents .
we were down by the docks it was very interesting there was nothing going on it was pretty much abandoned the dry docks are empty
a building has floors with small windows covered with bars . a boat is named jascon 27 and looks in need of a paint job . a largeindustrial ship is sitting adjacent to a pier . the industrial building that is made of metal is starting to rust through the paint . thewhite building made of metals is tall in the sky
the decorations and gifts were worked on tirelessly . they turned out beautifully ! mother was touched by how thoughtful the gifts were . they then went out to eat in celebration . the food was delicious and capped an already lovely day .
the flowers were cream , pink , and purple , accented by dark green leaves . the man is carrying a bouquet of flowers a middle aged woman holds onto a bouquet of flowers a few steamed bums sit inside a bamboo steamer . collection of meat and vegetables sitting on top of a white plate together .
this restaurant has amazing flower arrangements . they even sell them by the bouquet they wrap them up neatly . the dumplings in this place are amazing . the main courses are cooked to perfection .
bouquet of colorful flowers wrapped in pink paper a person is holding a bouquet of flowers woman in glasses holding a bouquet of flowers . five white dumplings in a silver and white serving bowl a bowl of chinese food under a spoon .
look at the flowers that i got from my husband . there he is , about ready to give them to me . look how happy i am to get them . cooking some good food . he deserves a great meal after all he does for me .
a bouquet of flowers containing pink roses is wrapped in green and pink tissue paper . man in floral shirt holding a bouquet of flowers . a woman holding a bouquet of flowers in her room with red curtains dumplings cooking in a large round metal wok a dish with meat and green vegetables mixed together .
the cabin was very luxurious inside , all the rooms were very cozy and intimate . outside , there were tons of benches to sit on . the leaves were falling and changing colors outside next to the cabin . we then went to a local restaurant that had a great view of the river and marina .
three people are walking on a sidewalk in front of a stone building . two empty arm chairs sit in front of a fire place a group of individuals are looking at trees from a deck . this is a wooden platform overlooking a scenic hill side . a bunch of patio furniture is on a deck
the family walked up to the lake house together . they entered its doors and immediately saw the cute little fireplace . they then walked out to the deck to inspect and found that it was a really nice deck . they were surprised to find that it also had a great view of the city . they were even more excited now for this vacation at the little stone house .
an image of two women that are walking down a corridor a pair of chairs and a coffee table are positioned in front of a fireplace . some people are standing on a porch area that is covered in leaves . wooden benches are arranged on a leaf covered patio a bunch of empty chairs looking at a very large ship .
they arrived early at the lodge . the lodge was right by the water there were walking trails on the property . the view of the city was breath taking . there were lots of cozy spaces inside .
a group of people walks up a sidewalk to a building . 2 leather chairs in front of brick fireplace a group of people standing on a wooden deck surrounded by benches leaves lay scattered across a wooden deck on a fall day . a set of chairs and tables that are outside .
the view from the top of the mountain was breath-taking . you could still see some rock in between the snow . mom wanted a picture of herself up top . it seemed the mountains just went on forever . the water was so blue and still .
a neighborhood of brick houses with a hill behind it goats or sheep graze on rocks and snow near mountain . a woman standing on top of a snow covered mountain snowcapped mountains with object in the middle resembling that of the [location] [location] [location] [location] blue sky with clouds , snow on ground , shadow covering foreground of picture
from the vantage point of the village , the mountains do n't look cold and uninviting . but the presence of snow becomes obviously as you hike to a higher altitude . once you 're at the top , though , the view is gorgeous - it makes a perfect backdrop . but you quickly get overwhelmed with the sense of how vast the range is . i felt much more comfortable closer to ground . i 'm more of water person , anyway .
the town of stone wash bricks and balconies a grey mountain covered in snow with two sheep walking across it . a woman stands on the summit of a hill after a long hike . wintry hills with winding stone wall running down shallow valley . day time vista of snowy landscape with cirrus type clouds
we visited location this summer and loved every minute . a visit to location location location was the highlight of our trip . here 's [female] posing in front of a huge glacier . the rivers were full of spawning salmon and other fish . the best part of our journey was the near solitude we had in the wilderness .
several brick buildings in a small town that are at least two stories . a pair of animals roaming on a snow covered mountain a woman that is smiling on top of a mountain . a range of small snow covered hills with a road going down the center . a large white snowy landscape during a mildly cloudy day .
the little kid is learning how to drive in his imagination . everyone arrives at the church for the wedding . the flower girl poses in the sun with her beautiful umbrella . they place hands together to show off their beautiful rings . the bride and groom look so happy on this occasion .
a bride is sitting in a limo with some flowers . the colors of a stain glass window over a couple getting married . a man in a black suit sitting in a field with woman in a white gown holding a bouquet of flowers a wedding photograph showing a close-up of the bride 's and groom 's left hands with their wedding rings . bride and groom with heads together in romantic pose , holding red and white roses .
the bride was driving to the wedding . the church where the wedding was being held was so beautiful . after the wedding photos were taken with the bride and groom . then a photo to show there new rings . as the nite drew to a close the two enjoyed each other .
the fashionable bride held up red roses and smiled happily . two people are at the alter of a church getting married . a bride and groom squatting in the grass for a picture . wedding rings on a male and female hand . a bride and a groom standing with their foreheads resting against one another .
yesterday was [female] 's wedding day . she and [male] got married in a beautiful church . they looked really nice in their wedding portrait . they had matching rings for their promises to each other . [female] and [male] lived happily ever after .
a bride holding her bouquet smiles while sitting in a car . the bride and groom kneel before the priest in a magnificent ornate church on their wedding day . a man and woman newlywed sitting in green grass , the woman is holding red and white roses a man 's and a woman 's hand with similar rings are holding each other . bride and groom intimately speaking with each other during the wedding ceremony
the three best friends stand together for a photo right before their prom . one of the girls dates surprises her with some flowers . the other girl examines the corsage that her date brought her , as she is afraid it does n't match her dress . as it turns out , she does n't really care , as long as she 's with the one she cares about . the group then posed for one last photo before they head off to their first , and possibly last , prom .
three young girls posed for a picture dressed for formal gathering a young couple dressed in formal wear face one another . young man hands beautiful woman in dress traditional corsage . two teenagers dressed for the prom posing for a picture . friends pose in their formal wear before going to their prom .
the prom is here and everyone looks great . the couples are getting ready to go off and have a fun night . corsages are being given out by the gentlemen . what a nice pair these two make . one last photo before driving off to the last night of being a high schooler .
three women dressed up and their hair done smiling for a photo . two newly wed persons are having a good time outdoors among other people a man in a suit is handing a corsage to a woman in a gown . they look very happy , as if they are going to prom , or on a date . a group of dressed up young people .
senior prom is one of those days you remember forever . my friends were so beautiful when they were all dressed up . and my date was handsome too . we all promised we 'd be friends forever . this was one last night together , before we all went our separate ways .
the three ladies stood outside on the lawn two people are getting married outside and smiling [male] is obviously giving girl a corsage for the prom . a young woman in a dress stands with a young man in a suit . teenagers in formal clothing stand close together in front of trees and a lake
the cat sat in the driveway looking sad . the boys were happy to eat lunch at the local restaurant . the ocean made small waves . the dirt bikes laid there in the dirt . the boys took a photo after they ate lunch .
a cat sitting on the asphalt looking down at the ground . one man smiles at another while the other man in the background works . small choppy waves with white caps seen in water . a bike and a helmet laid on their side in a patch of dirt . the three brothers are out for dinner and taking a picture for memory 's sake .
i took my cat down to my boat with me . i invited a few of my friends to go with me . the sea was a little choppy . the waves were foamy . it was a lot of fun .
a black cat sitting on the concrete street the boys are sitting around the big basket and one is holding a backpack . a wave begins to form and foam causes a white cap in the ocean . a bike on the ground during a sunny day three friends enjoy a meal after a bike ride
today we did a lot of different things . we went an ate some food . then we got out into the water . we decided to go ride bicycles . it was a very active day .
one gray striped cat sitting on gray pavement two men sitting down together on a boat . choppy waves with white caps on large body of water . a bike is laying on the dirt ground three young men posing for a photograph together .
field day at the end of the school year is always a highlight for the kids and teachers . there are great activities that get the kids moving , like relay races . the teacher run the station for the kids , such as a basketball foul shot competition . there are group activities that the kids loves to work together on , like making their way through the obstacle course . children are encouraged to try new things , and make their way through each station , like this bigfoot walk .
a child holding an egg in a wooden spoon and racing . the girl at the front of the line prepares to throw a football . kids are playing kickball together in a field . children stand in a gymnasium paying attention to an adult . a young boy plays a game with his feet in a gymnasium .
i had a great time at the youth charity center last weekend . i helped organize the outdoors event today . it was a lot of fun for the kids . they all had a great time playing all kinds of sports today . there were a lot of prizes to win .
person carrying an egg on a wooden spoon in a game a child preparing to throw a football with a line of more children behind him . girl in blue kicking a yellow soccer ball a group of kids in a gym playing basketball . a young boy is trying out something on his feet .
when i was in elementary school , we had a day called field day . on field day , all the kids in school would dress up in their favorite colors and compete against eachother . we would race , jump , dribble , and climb . sometimes we would do this in the gym . the most important thing with these silly games was to have fun .
a woman balances a wooden egg on a wooden spoon as she walks forward . the girl in the hat is about to throw the ball . a group of kids play a ball game on an outdoor field . a group of kids that are playing a game of basketball . the children are playing a game in the gym .
the garden at the local park our school volunteered to work on this weekend . we had to do a little heavy lifting early in the morning on the weekend . do not say that teachers do not work on the weekend . the kids where so happy to take a break and have a snack . at the end of the day everybody was happy to be in the warm school .
a building is shown with people and a wooden structure next to it . a women is working with a wheel barrel that is filled . three people in the dirt outside near a bench . the woman and two kids are posing for the camera . a group of adults and children in winter clothes are standing around in a hallway .
there was a lot of work to do . we had to restore the nearby park to acceptable condition . we filled the wheelbarrows with wood chips . we only had one wheelbarrow so some people had to carry them in buckets . when we were finished the children were very excited to play in the park .
a woman is picking up leaves from the ground outside a women shovels leaves into a green wheelbarrow . men working on a plot of land in a neighborhood woman in a hat with two boys who are holding food . children and adults are bundled in coats and standing in a clean white-walled hallway .
today we all gathered together to help clean the school outside . we shoveled up leaves and planted some soil for flowers in the summer . after we took a selfie . we were still in our coats because it was still cold . after all the parents chatted with some coffee .
people are performing restoration work at an outdoor pavilion . a girl shovels fallen leaves into a wheel barrow . a man and two children kneel in the dirt near some concrete blocks . a woman holder her eldest son with her youngest son next to her while taking a selfie in a room that has many drawings a group of people are standing in a hallway wearing jackets .
doing interviews will always be a part of the business . i have to admit though , i like it better once the interview is over and we can kick back for a minute . it 's great when the interviewer is also a fan . performing in front of a crowd has always got my adrenaline pumping . it 's easy to feed off of a good crowd .
a man holds a microphone so that another man can speak into it . two black males stand in a hallway in front of a door . two men are standing against a wall and one is pointing a musician that is singing for the audience . a young rapper gets the audience excited with his beats .
i went with my friend to the concert last week . we were both very excited . it was our first concert together . we were very impressed by all of the lights . we had a great time there .
two men standing , with one holding a microphone . the two men are talking about the party . a person that is standing next to another person . the male singer is performing in a night club . man performing for a crown at a musical act .
my brother and i had our first concert together . him and i said a prayer before we went out on stage . we put on our game face and braved the crowd . the concert was fun , the light show was the best . everyone in the crowd had a great time and enjoyed our music .
a picture did not load for me to describe an image two men stand together in front of a door in a hallway . two african american men posing together for a picture . a man is singing for a crowd of young people . the musician wowed the crowd with his talent .
the dog was having an interesting time at the party . it had so many new people to interact with . it got in the way of some photos . and then became the subject of the photo . after a long day the pup sat down next to someone to sleep and get petted .
a table is fancily set inside a home . brown cake with sign that says happy fall birthdays . two men and a woman are sitting in the kitchen a dog barks at his owner in front of a couch . a man cutting a birthday cake surrounded by party goers .
today is the day of the party . the cake was finally made and it was nicely decorated . the family finally arrived . the dog was part of the gift for the birthday boy . finally , the birthday boy cut the cake and then we went out to the club .
tables are set for a fine dinner in a house the cake is decorated and ready to eat a group of young people gathered in a kitchen . a man and a dog sit together on a sofa in a living room . the man cuts the cake with a large knife
this day was a very special day , as someone was celebrating their birthday . the chocolate cake was sitting in all its glory , waiting to be devoured by the hungry guests . everyone gathered around to sing happy birthday and to eat some cake . afterwards , everyone decided to spend some time relaxing . but it was n't long before people went back for second servings of the cake .
dinner table with nice china , wine glasses and silverware a fall birthday cake sits on a counter . two young men and a young woman stand around a kitchen island , a large cake and other food and drink items are spread on the island . a white dog wearing a red sweater sits on the couch next to a man . man sitting at a counter cutting a brown cake .
watching the st [male] 's day parade . we watched some cloggers perform . a young man played the bagpipes . some people wore colorful masks . a local band wearing black and red performed in the parade .
a group of people in green shirts are gathered to watch something . st. [male] 's day adornments line a souvenir shop 's walls . a man and a boy hunch over a fence with green hats . a group of girls march with the band during the parade . a boy playing bag pipes during some kind of parade .
it is st. [male] 's day . everyone is wearing green . green is the color many people use to celebrate st. [male] 's day . some people wear green hats . there is a wonderful parade . here come the bagpipes . what a great day !
group of people in green shirts standing in road at foot of hill , with obelisk and stone building visible at summit . a close-up of a variety of hanging beads and boas . the fence kept the weirdos from the parade route a group of costumed girls and boys are marching in a parade . young boy in a parade playing the bagpipes .
today was the st. [male] 's day parade . there were so many green things on sale ! we even got these crazy hats to watch the parade in . so many people were in the pride to display their heritage . i absolutely love the bag pipes ! today was a great day .
group of people wearing identical shirts gathered at roadside with tall tower looming in background . a booth selling various st [male] day deocrations a couple in green hats lean on a fence looking across the road . young irish step dancers in a parade in uniforms a bagpiper and drummer playing instruments in a parade .
the students arrived to the ceremony at organization . the students listened while the speaker gave a speech . the speaker presented before the group of students . some of the students received gifts at the conference . at the end , they all gathered for a group photo .
this image is of 2 men standing in a room smiling . a moderately attractive woman smiling showing her pearly whites . a woman is standing at a podium inside the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] . group of dressed up people posing with presents . a group of people with braided ropes on their shoulders .
people prefer to be around nice people . [female] is one of the nicest people at a university . a counselor spoke about how healthy graduating is . the women took a picture with a few grateful boys . everyone was proud of each other that day .
an old and a young man in button down shirts and white suit jackets stand beside each other . a woman with long dark hair is wearing a light grey shirt . a woman gives a speech at a podium at the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] . a group of people dressed up nicely taking a group photo a group of people standing to gether and giving pose for camera
i had a great time at the meeting . i got to meet a lot of new and interesting people . they were very funny . afterward we got something to eat . there were some speakers there as well .
two people wearing suits are smiling for a photograph . a woman with long , dark hair smiles happily . a woman is giving a speech in front of everyone . the well dressed people are standing together with small packages . a group of people are standing together posed for a picture .
to get to the island , they needed to take a motorboat . there were many seats and an awning over the top . in the background , you could see other islands and a mountain . from a distance , the island was really just a small rock with large green shade trees . the vacationers got on the boat and traveled quickly to the small island . once there , they could see a building . it was well shaded in the trees . the roof was grass , a common roofing material in the tropics . the most beautiful part of the building was the open atrium . there were beautiful plants and a fountain . the vacationers planned to spend part of the afternoon there , before traveling again .
a man with glasses and long red hair wearing a red jacket . older man in green sweater holding laughing baby older man in green coat holding expressive young baby wearing brown onesie . two women are talking to a seated man in a living room . a woman is sitting at the table holding a small baby .
the grandparents meeting their great-grandson for the first time . great 3 generation picture . great-grandpa and baby smiling for the camera . great-grandma holding the baby . she is all smiles . [male] is probably thinking who are all these people..haha .
red headed woman with glasses staring into camera an elderly man holding a small baby and laughing . the man takes a photo with the young man a man and woman showing grandpa his new grandchild . a woman holding a baby in the background of food on a table .
i came to grandpa 's party and was surprised at what i saw . he had a blast meeting his new great grand child . they had a wonderful time together . grandpa enjoyed all his company . and we all enjoyed a great meal as well .
a person with glasses that is looking into the camera . a old man holding a laughing baby with a lady playing with it . the grandpa is holding his grandson on his lap and happy . three adults and a baby enjoy a brightly lit room . an image of a woman that is setting the table
she was getting ready for her big day finally . there was a lot of preparation to be done . she could not have been any happier . the flowers arrived and were perfect . she liked the purple ones the best .
someone is having their hair curled for a nice event . the arrangement includes both white and pink flowers . a hand is showing a ring , the person is wearing a white dress two female senior citizens dressed formal sitting at a table eating cake . two men in formal clothes are acting goofy
the bride doing her hair for her wedding day . the bride wedding bouquet in green , pink roses and baby blue hydrangeas . the bride showing her shiny wedding band . the bride 's grandmother and the grooms grandmother . the groom and his best friend having a good time on the dance floor .
one lady is sitting while the other stands behind her placing her hair in curlers . a wedding flower boquet with weird fruitlike object my sister developed a rash on her hands early on . two elderly women are seated next to each other at a table . two men wearing formal clothing posing for a photo .
last week was my wedding . we all bought the biggest flower arrangements . i love how big my ring is . all of my family came to celebrate . some of the staff were goofing off .
a woman styling another woman 's hair in a house . the bouque of flowr has pink white and green colors a woman sitting down holding out her hand showing off her wedding and engagement ring . two older women leaning together at a formal table and smiling . 2 people in silver vests posing for a picture
the family reunion had plenty of long-awaited greetings to start . eventually , we all filled each other in with deep conversation ... some of us were quite happy to see one another . of course , we filled our bellies with hearty food . what better way to celebrate family than over a delicious meal ?
the table is full of people enjoying the feast a plate with potatoes , asparagus , meat and carrots . an older woman looking up at something and laughing at it . a woman with praying hands is seated at a table set with wine bottles and wine glasses . old man and two women outside near trees .
we all got together for my parents aniversary . we had amazing steak to celebrate . we had a few making speeches and be funny . there was a few sentimental moments thrown in . then it quickly turned funny again .
many people sitting around a table eating and drinking . meat , mashed potatoes , asparagus and cheese on a plate three people are seated , while one of them laughs . a woman is looking thoughtful while surrounded by bottles of alcohol am older gentleman is sitting with an older lady and a younger one on a deck .
it was a family get together . they even had fancy nice steak and tacos . [female] laughs at a joke her sister told her . the family is having a wonderful time together . sharing so many memories and laughs together .
a group of people is sitting behind a big dinner table a delicious looking dinner plate full of veggies . a few older people looking up and laughing . a woman is thinking behind a view of wine bottles and glasses in the foreground a man and his two women are laughing hysterically
i had a great time at the dinner last night . we had a lot of fun with our friends . there were some other people there as well . we learned how to cook everything while we were there . we are really happy .
a man gives a non expression while dressed in a business suit somewhere . four young men are in a room with caged windows . they are all wearing button-down shirts completely buttoned and black trousers . one of the men is sitting on a plastic chair . there are other chairs , a television and a screen in the room . well-dressed , middle-aged couple sits in a waiting room and appear to be engaged with someone out of the image . young men dancing at a party at night a happy blonde-haired couple pose together for a picture .
at the beginning of the event there was a great deal to get done , which caused some frustration for the host . even though time was limited , the gathered men still decided on a plan of action . when the attendees began to arrive they were told that the weight would not be much longer and the festivities would soon begin . when everything was in place the big event came to life and went off without a hitch . everyone , including the host , was extremely happy and knew they just had a very unforgettable experience .
a man in a suit looks squarely into the camera . the men are gathered around in the class room talking . a couple that is sitting next to each other . a group of guys in white shirts at an outdoor nighttime party . a man and a woman dressed up and smiling .
josh was getting married after 10 year of having the same girlfriend . his friends were happy he was finally tying the knot they all helped him on his big day . the ceremony went on flawlessly . they danced the night away at the reception hall .
a man stares into the camera with a confused look 4 men in dress ties and slacks are waiting in a room . a couple , man and smiling woman , sit in what appears to be a waiting area . men in white shirts are making funny gestures the couple is all smiles at the elegant event
everyone showed up for the party at the club . the dj was definitely the life of the party . he was also very good at his musical job . the night was danced away by the crowd . even some kids came out before the night was over .
this image is of a man dressed in white making a demonstration . a dj dressed in all white plays some music for a crowd of people at a club . a blonde woman wearing a red shirt and a dark haired woman wearing a white jacket are smiling . three women and a man all in red posing with a man in white . man doing push-ups at a red bull rally
this dj sometimes overshadows the music with his antics . even though he has a crazy personality , he has critically acclaimed musical taste . it 's hard not to laugh at the things this grown man does . everyone loves to get their picture taken with the craziest dj in town . but sometimes he is n't always appropriate for the whole family .
a man standing all in white with his arms spread out and wearing headphones and sunglasses the dj in all white is getting the crowd going . two women share a laugh as one points at something . a group of teens wearing red take a photo with a white dressed dj a man wearing headphones laying on the ground
a group of friends went to see one of the most popular djs in the world . they watched him in awe . they made comments about his work , and he overheard . he invited them in for a group picture . he was actually much friendlier and sillier than they thought !
a man with glasses that is standing on the stage . a man in white dj 's for the crowd at a dance party . the woman in the white lab coat is pointing but both women are laughing . everybody is wearing red except the character with headphones on . a man in a white jumpsuit poses in front of a large redbull logo , pretending to lick its behind .
i volunteer for the boys and organization organization , and today we had a day camp for the kids . we helped them make food crafts that they could eat . we sat around in a circle and told stories . then we had a park ranger discuss safety with them . finally , we let them try out fishing in the creek !
people gather around tables outside and focus on an activity . a group of kids that are getting ready to eat . a group of children sitting in a circle on the grass . a person that is standing next to the bear mascot . two children sit on a bench with a fishing pole .
the children gathered around the tables . there were quite a few boys this time . it was make your own snack day . they had peanut butter and crackers . they could design things with the supplies provided .
the students are on a field trip and the bus is nearby . young children with identical shirts making peanut butter sandwiches . a group of children sitting on the ground in a circle a group of children are watching a safety demonstration the boy and the girl are sitting on the bench beside the rocks fishing
if it 's summer is must be summer day camp . making lunch with the other campers . sitting in a circle for story time . listening to the speaker at camp . going fishing at the end of the day .
people are standing around a table outside during the day a group of kids around a table using peanut butter . a group of people sitting and standing on green grass children are being taught the importance of safety by an officer and a mascot . the two kids are fishing on a rocky shoreline .
i had a great time outside yesterday . we had a rally . there were lots of families watching from their porches . many families brought their children . they were all showing their support .
people in the road all walking the same direction . a young kid is pulled in a plastic wagon decorated patriotically two american historical reenactment actors among a crowd . fence with red white and blue decorations around a brick home . a red , yellow , and green fireworks display is firing in the sky .
everyone gathered for the 4th of july parade . the little boy proudly displayed the flag as he rode in the wagon . some of the people dressed up as the founding fathers for the parade . many people decorated their houses for the event . at the end of the day , everyone watched the fireworks .
hordes of people walk the town streets at a festival . young child in wagon being pulled during festive event . a pair of men dressed in period clothing carry a flag . even a small yard can display patriotic flair ! a red , white , and blue display of fireworks in the night sky .
you could almost smell the patriotism on this 4th of july . children everywhere were ready for the parade , waving the flag in their wagons pulled by their parents . the old battle hymns could be heard . how could one not be patriotic today ? and how could you not end it with rockets ' red , blue , and green glare .
a crowd of people wearing red or white shirts . a small boy in a wagon walking down the street . to males dressed in colonial [location] attire play instruments in a parade . back of brick apartment building with wooden fence surrounding it with red , white and blue decorations a long exposure of a fireworks display above water .
the bleak weather could n't ruin the outlook of our wonderful wedding day . i had been looking forward to this day my whole life . my future husband and i had been sweethearts since the 10th grade . now here we were getting married on christmas eve in such a lovely atmosphere . just as i had always dreamed , we went on a magic cinderella carriage ride to the reception after the wedding .
brown grassy plants grow in front of a church with a brown cross . a woman that is smiling on the chair . a woman is zipping up a white dress on another woman . a man smiling at a woman while they stand near a christmas tree . a bridal party poses for a photo , dressed in red and black .
they decided to have their wedding at the church . the bride started getting ready . the bride finally put her dress on . the bride and the groom said their i do 's . the whole family got together for a group picture .
taken from a low vantage point , the dead weeds appear almost as tall as the cross on the church . a young woman is sitting in a chair having her hair curled and styled . woman adjusting the clamp on the back of a dress . young couple sharing a private moment during holiday time . 3 men in suits and 3 ladies in dresses holding flowers
the church was all ready for the wedding . the bride was getting her hair done in preparation . and she got zipped into her dress . the vows were said and everyone had a great time . they ended the evening with a beautiful group photo .
here is tall grass next to a religious building . a women with a lock of hair over her face is smiling broadly . woman seen adjusting back of formal dress at wedding . the man is smiling at the woman in front of the christmas tree , a bride and groom pose with their wedding party .
this is the building that was next to the park we visited . the cafeteria had food that was very enjoyable . the park is very big and grassy . the lot was occupied by a couple of visitors and workers . the world always seems to impress the best of us .
a parking lot that is in front of the brown building . closed food station , possibly in an arena or a coliseum-type entertainment venue . two people talk to each other in an empty dining room . a view of an unusually designed house in a field . the sky can be seen o the patio of the building .
this facility was recently constructed . it features a large indoor space for activities . there is ample dining space . outside there is opportunity for parking . fields are available for sport .
a large brick building with an empty parking lot a very long room with a few tables and chairs . a large room with large table and chairs and a few people lingering . an unusually shaped white building stands at the edge of a parking lot with very few cars and a few patches of ice . a view of a soccer field is seen , surrounded by trees and shrubs .
it was quiet outside . inside , there was only two people getting ready for work . nothing interesting was happening , no one even playing sports on the field . the car park was empty , sans some parked cars . indeed , this was a boring day .
there is an empty lot beside a brick building . dark room lit up only by what sunlight can reach inside a mess hall containing wooden tables and chairs . a white abnormally structured building overlooking a bare patch of land [female] day with puffy white clouds and beautiful grass and trees in the distance .
we went on a little shopping trip to a local market . there were great deals all around . we were n't the only people interested in going . they had watermelons sold whole or by halves that looked delicious . they also hd these coconut looking things that seemed weird . there was single serve portions of some weird looking food but we had to try it !
a sign is over a large bowl of snacks outside a couple sitting on a red moped near a street vendor . a wagon filled with halved watermelons wait to be sold . small brightly colored stand selling many different fruits . a table at market covered with fresh-grown food to purchase .
my buddy [male] is a delivery driver in a foreign country . he goes around on his scooter and makes deliveries to food vendors . last week he had to deliver a bunch of watermelons to a guy . more common is grapes or figs , which are easier to carry . the best in when he gets to deliver prepared food for good tips .
a bowl that is full of medicine and herbs . two people wearing helmets ride on a motor cycle down the street . a collection of watermelons are sliced and ready for sale . a fruit stand on the side of a road advertising its prices . many fruits and vegetables being displayed for purchase .
the open market was just that open . all the stuff is available to sample . they want to make sure that what you buy is fresh . they set up booths all along the road . you can try many unique food items .
there is a foreign language sign in the bucket of loose tea . they both got on the scooter and made their way through the town . the watermelons are cut in half and whole . a fruit stand in an impoverished neighborhood during the day buckets of beans and other vegetables on a table
th screenwriter is writing a new story to be made into a movie . as he finishes up , he lists the cast members and gives them credit . his friend at work agrees to preview the movie and give his thoughts and ideas . he watches the movie on the screen all the way through to the end . he gives the screenwriter some ideas on things to change so that the movie will be a success .
a man in a blue shirt sitting at his desk working on a laptop . the old computers are stacked up near the small refrigerator . two men stare at a laptop computer screen on a desk . blue container filled with extra strong mint tic tac candies . a man in blue attire is typing on his laptop .
he is very happy to finally have modern office equipment . the old computers were sitting in the corner awaiting pickup . would n't you know the new computer would crash on the very first day . time for a break . meanwhile , not all the workers have desks .
the man is working intently on his lap top computer . computer towers and monitors are lined up next to each other two men in an office looking out the window . a container of mints that are sitting on the table . a man wearing and all blue outfit sits in a chair with a laptop
an important deadline was approaching quickly , so our work group had to pull long hours to get the job done . we used our most advanced computing possible . things got a little heated after staying up so many hours . we did n't get to shower and brush our teeth , so these kept us from smelling too horribly . after hours of work , we were finally done ! i enjoyed finally being able to relax and play a video game .
a man is sitting at his desk on a laptop in a room containing a small refrigerator and three older computers with monitors stacked upon each other . two people looking at a computer and having a discussion regarding something on computer . a blue tic tac container full of tic tacs a man sits in an empty room using a laptop .
the daughter 's favorite character is displayed on a balloon . gifts and bags are given to show appreciation for the girl . the family wanted the girl to also have an appetite with these delicious cookies . a moment with the father and daughter commemorates the happiness of the occasion . lastly , here is the invitation card that was given out to the invited guests .
the room is decorated with party decorations . different designed gift bags and presents lined up in front of a window . people are seated at a table with drinks and someone is holding pastry.on a plate . he held his grand baby and she held her hello kitty an invitation of bright pink with a cartoon fairy sits on a laminate floor .
a very special young girl her 4th birthday party today . she receives many presents from her visitors . ice cream sandwiches will take the place of a birthday cake at this party . grandpa is helping her open her presents one by one . [female] cadabby was chosen to be the theme for this occasion .
decorations for a girl 's birthday party including pink balloons and a cutout of a muppet fairy . a group of gifts that are in gift bags . cookie sandwiches that were brought for dessert to a party a young girl with ponytails sits with her grandfather . a poster of a fairy tells of a special invitation .
the house is decorated with pink balloons for the girl 's birthday . family members arrive and share food as the birthday party starts . presents are brought and arranged on the table for her to open . the young girl has a sweet tooth so she receives lots of treats and snacks . the family helps her open her presents , showing them off to the camera .
a balloon in the shape of a winged purple girl hanging over a kitchen table . wrapped presents and gift bags are arranged on the table . two ice cream sandwiches rest in a clear plastic container in a man 's hand . a grandfather holds his granddaughter , a [organization] [organization] fan . children 's themed pink invitation resting against pepper shaker on table .
wedding guests gathered in the church . the bride and groom were married on the altar . guests from the wedding posed for photos during the wedding . the bride and groom shared their first dance in front of their family and friends . they held each other closely and showed their love .
man and woman getting married by priest in church the bride and groom are lighting a white candle together . a group of people that are smiling next to each other . a woman with glasses next to a man on a chair . a bride and groom kissing in a hall
[female] and [male] had a traditional jewish wedding . here they are lighting the candle . after the ceremony , they posed for pictures . when they arrived at the reception , everyone was having a good time . their personal highlight of the reception was the first dance . it was indeed a special day for [female] and [male] .
[female] and [male] were so very happy to be married by the pope . this is a picture of a wedding cake a bride and groom posing for pictures with an older couple . two people posing at social function in large building 2 people dancing , woman in white dress , man in white dress shirt
it had been a long day as the couple said their vows . at the end they lit a candle to symbolize coming together as one . the families stood together to take pictures . generations gathered to witness the event . but at the end of the day it was just them slow dancing together .
a photo of a jewish wedding with the rabbi the bride and groom . a married couple light things off of a large candle a wedding photo with bride , groom and some relatives . mother and her son at a friend 's wedding ceremony a bride and groom are dancing and sharing a kiss .
my son wanted to help with the ice . inside the room , the man spoke business . outsidex they talked about life . the couple was happy to be there . the couple 's son was adorable .
a man and a woman stand in a kitchen with four pizzas . a little boy holding ice on the porch . a older gentleman is having a drink as he waits in the room . three people standing inside of a house with boxes on the other side of them . four people endure an awkward gathering inside on a sunny day , resorting to alcohol to abide .
this husband and wife were excited to have a pizza night at their new place . their son made sure to get the ice ready for drinks , and grandpa made sure that the chairs were set up . everyone started arriving , and enjoyed the couple 's new home .
a man and a woman standing in a white kitchen , near an island with several open boxes of pizza . a small boy holding a bag of ice an older man sits in a modern room drinking a beer . the bag with the new box of wine glasses are on the counter four people sit in a sitting room talking and drinking .
friday we moved in to our new home . we bought some pizzas to celebrate with friends and family . little mich brought the ice for the sodas . although we only had only two chairs out the place was starting to feel like home . mom helped organize the mess we had all over . what would i do with ought her . everyone was so tired by the move that we just had to take a break .
a couple standing in a kitchen with multiple boxes of pizza on the counter a young bow grimaces as he carries a large bag of ice . man sits alone in room drinking beverage with woman 's purse on counter . a man in a black shirt standing in front of a table with a plastic bag on it image of a group of people who are sitting down inside a home while they converse with each other .
the big flower sale was happening today . there were purple flowers , and pink and green flowers , and even yellow sun flowers ! [female] made sure she got there early so that she could get all of her favorite flowers before they sold out .
two women one man and lots of small flower shops and parked cars on the street . purple , yellow and pink flowers sit in a store . great kinds of flower that is on the market many colorful , cut flowers adorn the front of the shop . a woman wearing a green sweater shopping at a flower market .
i really had to buy flowers for valentine 's day . i spent hours in the flower store . they had so many different kinds . there were so many colors . it was very difficult to choose among them . finally i made my decision and i was very happy with it .
the street is lined with shops and beautiful flowers . several purple and yellow flowers in a store . the daisy 's are all different colors and fresh . look at all the wonderful flowers , i love them . a woman that is smiling next to the flowers .
it is a beautiful morning to visit the original location location location location . early morning is a great time to beat the crowds . there are unusual plants to be seen . the variety of flowers is simply amazing . there are short flowers . there are tall flowers . flowers you never knew existed .
two women carrying purses looking at store fronts in a down town area . many colorful pants on display on metal racks a woman 's sandaled foot is visible among pails of colorful flowers . the colorful flowers are being displayed outside the shop . a variety of colorful , beautiful flowers surrounding me .
i wish i could be close to the action . with all the other people , with their friends . i miss my family and friends . i miss what i had in the past . i wish i didnt have to feel so alone now .
the fireworks in the sky are red and greebn in color dark night shot with a brilliant multi colored firework of gold and red fireworks in the sky exploding , showing colors of red , blue , and yellow the outdoor show consists of different colored lights . bright red fireworks against the night sky with some lights on the ground .
fireworks with the kids ! the night was clear and warm . this red and green one reminds us of a sci-fi tree . the fireworks kept blossoming out for well over an hour . this beauty crackled and sent of little trails . only got the very beginning of the finally because i set the camera down to enjoy the stunning show !
picture from afar of exploding colorful fireworks at night . fireworks exploding in the sky in a big city . fireworks are exploding in the distance during the night view of a dark city with fireworks going off in the center . a cluster of firework that is in the sky .
fireworks are an american tradition . even though they were invented in location , americans use them to celebrate july 4th . the displays of patriotism are common all over the location . in most areas fireworks are illegal . they 're still commonly sold because americans love to blow stuff up .
the fireworks in the sky are yellow and orange in color . red and yellow fireworks exploding into the night sky over a city . fireworks light up the night sky above the city . a large firework display shoots into the night sky . the fireworks began and immediately we saw flash of red explode in the sky .
today the family bought a used couch . the puppy is checking it out . everyone decides the couch looks great in the office . they like the couch because it reminds them of the covered bridges they saw on their trip to location location . they also like that the windmill designs remind them of their trip to location . the children found an old coin in the couch ! everyone was excited .
a tiny dog in front of a reclining chair on the ground . a old style couch has wooden hand rests . tapestry display of a small wooden bridge with trees around it . a windmill is woven into a beige piece of fabric . a silver coin that says `` [male] memorelos , 1 $ '' on it .
i reupholstered our old sofa . i picked this beautiful rustic design . this reminds me of a bridge where i grew up . and this looks like a well at grammy 's house . our dog does n't even notice the new upholstery .
a small dog sits on the carpet near a chair . a vintage looking couch with barns , windmills , and flowers on the cushions . the stitching shows a house on the fabric a crocheted piece of cloth has a picture of a windmill a round silver one dollar coin , minted in 1984 .
at the antique shop , a dog was standing next to an old sofa . the sofa was rather small and it had an unusual covering . the covering showed old covered bridges in [female] . it also showed old windmills and it was very pretty . i reached into the sofa and found an old coin buried in between the cushions .
a dachshund rests on the floor next to an armchair . an ugly couch sits in the middle of the room a close up of a knit fabric depicting a bridge . a piece of cloth with the picture of a windmill stitched into it . a close up picture of a one dollar coin .
the family decided it was time for a game night . they got everyone seated around the table , and gave the adults some beers , and then they began playing . it was a fun time and brought them closer together as a family .
a group of friends gather around a table with beers . six young people are gathered at the table playing beer pong young guy with lip piercing and black bandana is about to throw something ; appears to be playing a drinking game . two men that are playing a game on the table . a woman is leaning their hand against their face
people are sitting and drinking . this is a photo of people having fun . people are playing a game . friends are having fun in the picture . a person is wearing a bracelet .
people gather for a party around a table in a kitchen five young people are playing a game of shoot the bottle caps into the mug . a young man raising his arm and holding an item in it . the guys are throwing beer bottle caps into a cup . a person with short blonde hair holds a whistle to their mouth .
all of my friends were at my apartment last night . we played a lot of drinking games . i was n't very good at them . we played until late into the night . after we were done everyone had had a lot to drink .
a group of young adults play drinking games on a kitchen table . a bunch of young men are drinking and playing a game with coins . man with black bandana and lip piercing about throw something two men playing a game while drinking with bottle caps in a cup a woman with short blonde hair bites her thumb .
for anyone interested in organization organization , this was the place to be . there were displays everywhere , featuring information and welcoming land rover enthusiasts . some of the latest and greatest models were on display . older models were there too , representing the brands earlier days . the lines of organization seemed to go on forever , offering every visitor plenty of opportunity to check them all out .
a land rover flag waving in the wind with clouds in the sky . sahara adventures is promoting exciting outings at an outdoor event . there are some yellow jeeps parked in the grass . the peeling paints on the trucks reveals several colors underneath . all the old military jeeps were awsome to look at and really showed how well things are built .
we attended a great little get together camping trip for land rover owners ! there was a lot of room to set up and a lot of people . rows and rows of organization organization as far as the eye could see . some of them were in rough shape , but they were still going strong . they were all lined up like proud children posing for their parents .
a land rover flag waving against a blue sky with clouds the sahara display has a large tent and signs . a bunch of trucks are parked together on the grass . the front corner of an old rusty truck or jeep the army trucks are parked in the field .
land rover had a car sale . the car company placed tents and various car models on an empty car lot . one of the new car models came in light brown and yellow . the family had their heart set on the camouflage colored car model . unfortunately , we did n't buy a car . they had sold the camouflage colored models they had .
a flag that says land rover is flying a tent outside on the grass surrounded by other signs and cars . touring vehicle 's parked on grass at outdoor natural park setting . a close-up of the front end of an old truck . a line of off road vehicles are parked on the grass .
i 'm taking a banking class so that i can get a promotion . this requires much too much thought . card goes in this way . i just wish everyone would sit down so i can see . this is the questions and answers part . very personal , not with a group .
a group sitting in a room listening to a woman speak several young people gathered together sitting reading papers the woman is sitting down , holding a form and a business card . group of students gathered in classroom during school hours . a man dressed in a white dress shirt is sitting behind a table and across from him is a man in a business suit , two ladies in business attire are seen in the background also sitting behind a table and smiling at the men
we had a great time in class today . there were many group projects that we needed to do . it required a lot of collaboration . it was a lot of fun . afterward we were all given a grade .
small groups of people are watching and listening as a woman speaks at a podium . the people are sitting down and reading paperwork . a woman in a purple sweater holding a business card . the students are gathered around waiting for the teacher . business meet and greet depicting three women and two males .
career day at school . lots of good information ! and a lot of good material about any profession you can think of . but our friend [female] was having a hard time deciding what to choose . then we took a 15 minute break to stretch and clear our heads a little . now it 's time to meet with the counselors to answer our many questions .
a woman at a podium addressing people seated facing various directions . a bunch of people are reading documents while sitting . people are sitting at chairs inside a building during the day many young people converged inside a class talking to each other a man in black suit and gray tie meeting another man in white shirt and tie .
we visited some historic sites on our trip . they had a lot of warning signs when we arrived . after that we traveled the paths at the site . then we came across signs that told us the history of the site . after that we came across some old graves at the site .
a sign board for an historic site set in a forest . trying to get through to people to be good . the path winds in between trees and grass . a steel memorial sign for fort wilkenson 1776 a large grey stone is engraved with lots of words .
a sign pointed to a local historic site . i made sure not to dig up anything with the shovel i brought . nature was sprawling and tall trees were everywhere . a slab was dedicated to telling us about the park . a stone had writing carved into it that we could n't read because we walked by it too fast .
a sign is explaining what location this is and what hours the location is open . a green sign says please enjoy this sight a dirt road runs through the forest of green trees . a sign that gives information about fort wilkinson . camera zoomed in on a close-up of [location] [location] [location] memorial text .
we took a walk through a historic park . this sign was interesting . i wonder what people would be digging for ? so serene here though . location location , location . this plaque explains some history . this stone was etched with this beautiful phrase .
a green sign with white lettering describing the hours and rules for the d.a.r . historic site the sign was displayed on a poster so all could see . a trail through a trees on a sunny day . the [location] [location] sign located in the state of [location] . a carving in stone gives remembrance to the citizens during the american revolution .
the cars were getting ready for the race . they made sure the car was prepped . the other racers also got prepped . this was the winner waving at us . the crowd was very excited to watch .
sports cars lined up and ready to begin a race a red car that stands next to the two men . a race car driver leans against his vehicle as it is being inspected by his crew . two men sit on top of the race car with hands up . a group of race cars that are ready to race .
the race cars line up after finishing the race . the third place team posing outside of their car . the second place team looks to the crowd for a photo opportunity . the winners celebrate their speedy victory . the crowd is turned loose to mill among the cars .
a bunch of cars are sitting on a race track . a small red car has two drivers in it an image of race car drivers outside the car two winning drivers sit on the hood of a race car . a group of race cars on parked on the racecar track .
today was race car qualifiers . the italian team looked very prepared . the team with the black car does not seem to worry about to competition . at the end of the event , the white car 's team won the championship . all the race cars came together for press pictures .
several race cars are outside on a race course . two men dressed in jumpers stand next to a car decorated with sponsors . a race car stands prominent with 1 driver standing and another one entering the vehicle . two racers that are on top of the car . a group of people are standing between a lot of cars
we decide to take a tour of this famous whiskey factory over the weekend . the barrels smelled of aged oak . we got to see the testing facility to ensure quality control . what a fun job that must be . here 's were the magic happens . the aging process in the barrels was a site to see . finally , the finished product . it was an enjoyable experience .
eight empty semi trucks with open backs in front of a large brick buildings an oak barrel bears the logo of the whiskey that is aging inside of it . two workers on an assembly line , preparing some kind of product rows and rows of oak barrels are lined up in a building . the bottles are ready to be consumed on the bar
a group of shipping containers sits in the parking lot of the factory . the barrel displays the name of the factory . two people are seen working on a factory line . the barrels line the walls of this dark space . bottles of whiskey are on full display .
empty trailers wait to be loaded in front of the historic building . the barrel is full of whiskey from the state that makes bourbon two people work inside of an industrial kitchen . many barrells are stacked on top of each other a stack of hard alcohol waiting to be purchased .
we went whiskey tasting in location . the buffalo trace brewery was the best place to be . we saw how they made beer as well . and saw all the caskets in the basement . we bought a bunch of bottles of whiskey to take home in the end .
a group of trucks with their trailers open are parked next to each other . this is an image of a brown wooden keg that says , `` [location] straight bourbon whiskey . '' the woman is counting the bottles of the table a wine celler with lots of barrels of wine . many bottles of liquor are lined up on a shelf .
i went to a bar and my friens ' band was playing there . i took a seat up front . soon enough , he noticed i was there . he came over to say hi . we talked and he ended up joining us for dinner .
a four-person band performs at a small venue decorated with balloons and garlands of lights . three men playing music at a bar or restaraunt the drums are set up in front of the man wearing a tuxedo . a man with glasses stares wide eyed at the camera . a goofy , surprised guy in glasses and a tux
the food at the restaurant was delicious . they also had a live band . they were very good . we took a lot of pictures of that night . we also were able to chat with some of the band members .
a four person band is performing dressed in suits . a band is performing at a night club a man dressed as a restaurant server standing behind a drum set . man with long hair and eye glasses on his face . there is a guy smiling for a picture .
it was my bands first big break . we got a gig playing at the local bar for a night . needless to say we were stoked . we took tons of promotional photos . and then had a great dinner after to celebrate .
band of four men in suits playing instruments on a stage . a band of well dressed men sing some tunes . man in vest and tie standing behind drum kit . a man is wearing a shirt and jacket without a tie and black framed glasses on his face . a man in a tuxedo smiling at the camera
the family is getting ready for trick or treat . why not take a free ride ! who will get the best treat ? trick or treat ... give me something good to eat ! night time brings out the crowds and the fun .
two women and a child pose alongside halloween decorations . a child sitting comfortably in a stroller looks calmly at the camera . children in halloween costumes in a row in front of a building . a young boy dressed in a lion costume holds a lollipop . a house party with many guest onr lawn .
this family had a fun halloween . all of the kids had cute costumes . the more we looked at them , the cuter they got . we went to this huge party too . even the youngest one got some candy .
family photo during halloween with a young toddler . a baby in a lion costume in a stroller . kids dressed up in various costumes on a porch a cute little kid is dressed as a lion for halloween . the people all gathered in front of the mysterious house
halloween night . the adults are ready to go trick or treating . the kids are also ready to go get their loot . they look adorable . it was a busy night for those passing out candy . what a great evening .
two adults and one child posing near a halloween display . a toddler in a cute lion costume waits in his stroller . three girls and two boys are standing in a row dressed in costumes . two children dressed up in costumes , ready for halloween the crowd gathered around , watching the lit windows above .
the kindergartners got all dressed up for halloween this kindergartner could n't wait to go to school . today was the big classroom party . first they played games and other fun activities . finally it was time for the costume parade around the building .
the children dress up in their favorite costumes for the event . a girl in a purple shirt with her face painted . a class of kids poses in their classroom for a halloween photo . a group of children in various costumes walk together . people with different costumes are dancing on green grass
the children had a fun time at the costume party . the loved having their faces painted . the entire class behaved well so everyone got to participate . they played guessing games indoors . they loved the dance show they got to witness the teachers doing .
a group of young children dressed in costumes an image of little girl with paint on her face little kids who are all wearing halloween costumes . several children wearing costumes are standing together in a classroom . an outdoor scene of men in costume playing a play .
dad was helping [female] as she dressed for the school play . she happily receives his help and shows off her face paint . she is now ready with the headpiece and wings . the side view shows the wings more clearly . she joins her class and occupies the central point in the class picture . thanks for your help , dad .
group of children dressed in costume posing for photo . a girl with brown hair has a rainbow stamp on her cheek young children in costumes pose happily for photo . children at school during an event where they are dressed up a group of persons dressed in halloween outfits out in the field
today we went to go support my school 's marching band . this is a photo of them standing and getting ready . they are preparing to walk down the street for the parade . they are walking down the street with all the other floats and teams . a lot of friends and family came out to support the marching band .
a school marching band participates in a parade . people in the band are playing a song on the field . the boy on the left is playing a saxophone . a street with a parade float featuring a giant box of crayons . a group of people sit staring at something in front of a building while a man stands up with a smile and points in a direction of the stares .
the marching band marched in the parade . they began to play their instruments . when the parade began they marched along with the floats . the student body even had it 's own float . all of their friends and family was there to cheer them on .
a high school band is walking in a parade the band is playing on the football field in the night , the horn section of a marching band play at a pedestrian crossing . a white truck pulling a trailer with a large display of different colored , very big crayons a man in a black jacket stands up in a crowd and points to something .
the school band was ready for the parade . although they had often performed at football games , they had never marched in a parade before . most of the band members were upset they were behind the cheerleaders in the line up . but they still gave their best effort . most people in the crowd were not impressed .
the women in the front of the parade are holding a blue and white sign . a football player playing along side of a band an image of kids that are playing instruments an image of a float that is going down the street a man is above some women sitting outside and is pointing .
the singles mingle was a great time . we met people from all over , of all different ethnicities . some of the guys were creepy but we smiled and bore with it . a few people hooked up pretty fast . i met my current boyfriend there . my friend met hers too .
two women posing together , smiling , in a brightly lit room . a man and two women have their picture taken while the man appears to be taking a picture also . group of people having fun at a house party a woman prepares to take another jello shot while a topless woman drinks on in the background . four friends sit on a bench at a bar .
the friends got together for a night out . they met new friends while they were having fun . then they got to know the rest of the people there . some of the them danced on the dance floor . at the end of the night they had made so many new friends .
two women smile and pose for a picture together two girls and a guy taking a picture together . adults gathered in room enjoying socializing during party . smoking and drinking and having a good time . two couples sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant .
[female] and some of her friends went on a bunch of blind dates on week . [female] 's first day was very unattractive but incredibly funny . [female] 's blind date looked like an anorexic serial killer . [female] 's date had social anxiety and would n't leave his house . [female] 's blind date was a down to earth guy , and she would eventually marry him .
two friends that are right next to each other . a man and two women take photos of themselves . a group of people hanging out in a room . people are at a party and are dancing four people sitting on a bench at a social gathering .
birds are majestic creatures . they soar wild , untamed , and free . though with the right trainer , most birds can be taught to be handled by humans . a bird belongs to itself , though . you can not contain it 's spirit .
black and white picture of bald eagle against clear sky . an eagle has made his catch for the day . a an is holding his arm up with a bird on it feathery ostrich in black and white photography a barn owl with a full wingspan near to the ground
going to a wild bird rehabilitation center can be an eye opening trip . some of these beautiful birds have been hurt in accidents , and these people get them healed up and back into the air . [male] here has trained this golden eagle to fly around and come back to land on his gloved hand . while not all the birds may be attractive , they are all still important . i had never seen an owl like this up close in daylight , and he was gorgeous .
a hawk sitting as still as a statue a large bird in flight with wings spread the man showed his prowess with the large bird a bird is aware and looking at something in the distance . an owl is in flight close to the ground with it 's head up and eyes wide open .
today i got to see a bird fly . the bird first landed right by me . then it took off soaring in the air again . it spread it large wings and flew away . i finallly saw it land close to its home
an eagle that is looking into the distance of the mountain . an eagle is flying through the air outside near trees . a guy singing while holding an eagle on his arm . a black and white picture of a long necked bird . a bird is soaring low to the ground
they finished their performance for the crowd . the basketball player was pumped up after the performance . this man jumped high into the air . this player prepared his next shot . the team in white dominated the team in yellow .
a team of cheerleaders practicing their tricks together a man running with a basketball during the game a basketball player goes for the alley oop shot . two basketball players from different teams in the middle of a game . pacific game with the player in white driving towards the basket around his opposing players .
i went down to the gym yesterday . they were having a basketball game . the game was very close . all of the players were very good . i had a great time at the gym .
a group of cheerleaders participate in their routine at a school game . the men are competing in a basketball game . man jumping in air , holding basketball while playing basketball . this is a picture of two people playing basketball a school basketball game with one player going in to the right while a forward from the other team tries to block him from making a basket .
the cheerleaders warmed up the crowd . [male] dribbled the ball towards the net . he scored a basket for his team . [male] took the ball from [male] . it was his turn to score a goal .
a group of cheerleaders hoist teammates up into the air . the black player has the ball in hand three basketball players surround the one player jumping into the air with the ball in his grip young basketball players during game on indoor court . two basketball players in yellow uniforms are playing with a player in a white uniform
the grill was fired up and ready . it was a great day for a party . potato salad was just one of the delicious treats ! by the time night fell , they were ready to relax in the sand . even the dog came out to have a little party time of his own .
a man standing in front of an outdoor grill . a girl a pink shirt and sunglasses sitting next to a guy on a bench . a fork sticks out of potato salad , among other appetizers . a man and a woman are laying on a beach towel on the sand in the dark . a guy laying on the beach next to a small black dog .
my place was pretty awesome for having barbecues . [female] smiled as she sat next to [male] . the food was abundant and spectacular . [male] advanced toward [female] toward the end of the night . he ended up being best friends with the dog instead .
young man prepares meal on barbecue in back yard of home . a man is while a beet while sitting next to a woman . the potato salad has a fork in it and is sitting on top of the cookies . the woman in the black hoodie has her eyes closed . a man lying in the sand next to a little black dog .
[male] 's barbecuing in his brick oven . he loves this kind of thing . we 're happy to let him cook . i 'll just chill here with a bottle of whatever the heck this is with my girl . well , i can honestly say i have no idea what auntie [female] is mixing up . looks like [male] is brave enough to give it a try . better him than me . it 's hours later and we 've been looking for [male] for ever . i do n't know what was in that muck he ate but he flipped out and took off running towards the beach in the dark . oh good lord , skippy the wonder dog has sniffed him out . he 's still alive at least but he 's a really funny color . no more eating auntie [female] 's food buddy .
the man is cooking on his outside stove . the man and woman are sitting on a bench . a bowl holding some sort of white food has a fork in it two people relax on a blanket on the sand . the small black puppy had no respect for the sleeping man .
the family all came over for dinner . the kids set up dogoploly and played until dinner was ready . we crowded all around and got our food . after we lounged around and watched family videos . [male] was so full he fell asleep .
the woman in the red is smiling at the camera two young girls are on a bed with a board game and a white dog is in the background . a large family with six children gathered together for thanksgiving dinner . two young men sit on the floor next to several other people . a person asleep on a large white sofa .
[female] came over to play a game with her kid and the dog . the two played an interesting game of monopoly . afterwards , everyone , who is dressed in red coincidentally , had some food . [female] 's ex and his husband had to lie down after eating such a large dinner . [female] 's ex then fell asleep after eating -- it was a large food coma indeed !
the lady smiles with curls in her hair and a pink shirt . two smiling females on a bed with a board game . a family with many children is seated around a table full of food and covered with a red tablecloth . two men are seated next to each other on the floor looking to the right . a person is laying on the couch with shoes on .
today was a typical fun day at my house and it made me smile . i played a game of monopoly with my younger sister . we all sat around the table and enjoyed a delicious dinner . my brothers sat on the floor and watched television . we stayed up so late that my brother fell asleep on the sofa .
a woman smiles for the camera while seated a board game sits on the bed near some people . a family of 8 is sitting down to a meal group of young men sitting on the floor looking up at something . the man is sleeping on the off white couch .
we had a snow storm move through last night . the hillside looked like it was blanketed in a soft fluffy white blanket . there was n't a lot of water in the stream so we were able to walk down near the edge and walk across the rocks . there were parts of the stream where the top of the water was completely frozen over so the snow just sat on top . here 's a beautiful shot of the bridge that goes over the stream .
in the snow sits an old rock house with two chimneys that is currently being used as a chicken coup . the large mountain is completely covered in snow showing little dirt . the water in the stream is managing to break through the thick ice and snow . a mountain road covered in snow with pine trees all white the ground , trees , and bridge are covered with snow .
we recently headed up to my family 's vacation house in the mountains . in our backyard there is this beautiful mountain . we often go for walks on the various trails around the house . we often see a lot of animals and all of their tracks on the trails . at the end of the trail in this beautiful bridge that goes over a frozen river .
a simple stone building in the snow surrounded by birds . a large hill is covered in snow and rocks . a stream running through a forest covered in snow . a snowy and white forest with a tiny stream running through it . a snow covered land with a bridge in the distance .
[male] went to location to stay with his dad over the winter at his cabin . the landscape was cold and harsh but at the same time beautiful . during the days [male] would hunt for food to eat . while [male] would be out hunting he took in the beauty of the outdoors . this was [male] 's favorite winter he has ever had and he is coming back next winter .
a small brick house with birds in the winter . a snowy mountain side , with a bright blue sky . a view of the mountains that are in the snow . a scene with snow on the trees and ground the ground is covered in a blanket of snow under a blue sky .
went to the museum and found these wonderful postcards . i bought several that made me happy about coming to this event . this is a ship i thought was very awesome along the snow . this is an escimo battling waves and swimming with the seals . this is an old indean family fishing .
an old version of a cigarette pack with a russian on it . a players cigarette advertisement poster/card with a hot air balloon over a snow capped mountain peek illustration . old advertising cover featuring ships with colorful art . collectors items can be found as cards as well . a group of native americans , most of them standing and their dog .
about a century ago . the english cigarette company players distributed cards with their products . some of the cards depicted the people native to the arctic . other cards showed natural phenomena like the northern lights . most of the cards featured the brave men who were just then exploring the incharted territory . apparently the explorers took time to pose for selfies .
a photograph of a man wearing a fur hat and coat an old player 's cigarette advertisement featuring a hot air balloon over snow player 's cigarettes ad is shown with some boats a painting shows an eskimo hunting seal in the sea an old cigarette ad has images of an eskimo family .
the posters showed many things including a balloon and a ship and a guy in a canoe . lastly there were indians .
a old old picture of a man advertising players cigarettes . a vintage cigarette advertisement with a hot air balloon . 'player 's cigarettes ' is written in the corner of an illustrated image of a ship . a picture of a man rowing a canoe in choppy water . a painted advertisement for cigarettes with eskimos and a dog
they committee gathered for a discussion . afterwards , they enjoyed some sweets . they then enjoyed some entrees at the restaurant . they stepped outside for some fresh air . they posed for some photos before leaving .
a group of guys in suits talking outside . people sitting inside a courthouse with wood seats . the waiter posed with the lady who wanted a picture with them . people dressed in suits and a man using a computer at a checkered table three tiered plates that has different kinds of cupcakes on them .
the men are all talking happily . the guests wait for the ceremony to start . a picture of the excited wedding party . the group is celebrating with food and entertainment . the wedding party has provided cupcakes for all the guests .
several young men in suits stand together in a group several people gather in church while waiting for the service to start at a funeral . people posing for a picture at a wedding a group of people standing and sitting around a table the table is filled with different types of cupcakes .
old friends come together to attend their friends wedding . family and guest wait patiently for the ceremony to finish . the bride and groom smile for photos after the ceremony . they also talk , and laugh with family . then everyone sat down , and ate all the food prepared .
the men are standing outside of the building . a bunch of people sitting in either a church or courthouse . a woman dressed up with a man getting their picture taken with others . the bride and groom are looking at another man 's laptop . many cupcakes layered on different tiered plates .
the group had a few beers before it was time for dinner . then they got the fire ready for cooking food . after that they roasted hot dogs over the open fire . the group was so happy to see each other . by the end of the night , everyone had a really good time .
a man and three women standing outside with drinks looking to the left . a man tries to move a fire pit that is already lit and hot . two hotdogs on tongs roasting over a fire two people in an outside setting with others posing for a picture . a woman smiles happily while a man looks on .
we invited lots of friends for a barbeque . the fire pit was very large . we roasted hot dogs right over the flame . lots of people were happy . and there was a lot of beer too .
these people are just standing around and having a drink . a man in shorts tending an open fire in a metal fire stand . two hotdogs on a metal fork that are being cooked over the fire the man and the woman are posing for the camera a woman at a party looking very surprised at the camera .
one night , we were out at the new neighbors ' place , and had a few beers and drinks while we waited for the food . the pit master , [male] , ended up making a huge fire in a fire pit that he bought . he used some good wood that day . the spread was crazy , but i ended up sticking towards eating wood-smoked hot dogs . it was such a good time that i ended up meeting [female] . we ended up going back to my place for some coffee . [female] was very excited that i had found a woman to suit my needs .
the group enjoys their beverage outside in the yard a man sits next to a blazing firepit . two hot dogs being cooked over an open flame a man and woman pose for the camera at an event . a woman looks surprised in her photo while a man looks on
they group came out that cold morning for a protest . they brought their banners that they made . the each took turns with the megaphone to air their grievances . then they all lined up with their signs . they were proud that they stood there all day for a cause they believed in .
protesters hold signs about the stalling of funds for aids treatment . the people are holding a banner that reads act up [location] . people outside of the white house holding signs . a line of people are protesting medical budget cuts . a line of people hold signs in front of the white house
the group arrived and they were proud . they brought signs and were ready to protest . before it started , [male] requested that the protest be peaceful . and , his members obliged . they formed a line in front of the organization organization and let their presence be known .
two women holding signs in their hands protesting about frozen aids budgets . a group of people dressed for the cold holing up signs . nothing like a protest to start off the morning . we went to the white house to protest human rights in [location] . people protested for their cause along the sidewalk a line of people are holding signs outside the [organization] [organization] .
another rally . an important rally . recently there has been a freeze on the budget . one of the services hit by this freeze is treatment for aids . we may not look like a large crowd , but we feel our voices will be heard . our voices were heard . more people joined our cause . we will stand united .
the protesters faced the cold to display their messages . a group of people hold up signs while wearing coats four woman and one man protesting in the street `|four woman and one man protesting in the street ` a group of people stand in line holding signs . a group of protesters stand in front of the [location] [location] .
our town is so patriotic and so full of life . we love going to the annual parade . daria had to plug her ears as the engines went by . this is our town mayor and he is so funny . he is in the parade every year . then the music started coming down the street , it was fun but i have heard better music . this was my favorite float of the day . god bless location ! this was the end of the parade , it truly was a fun time with the family !
a girl with blonde hair is covering her ears older man in a very small car drives in the parade . two young men playing trumpets amongst a crowd of onlookers billboards and decorations are put up in memory of the wars . man pulling a wooden cart with metal wheels along street
it was very loud at the parade . there were many interesting cars . i took a lot of pictures there . there were also a lot of signs . i watched the parade for hours .
a small child is covering her ears as a fire truck goes by in a parade . a man is riding in a mini race car on the street . young male playing his brass instrument in a parade . a group of religious signs being pulled on a trailer . man in big blue hat pulling a cart with a big potted plant on it
the firetruck making too much noise . playing the trumpet for the crowd . dancing with her friend . promoting her campaign . gathered all her candy .
the little girl is frightened by the loud noise . a man in a small toy race car in a parade . a man in a crow of people playing an insturment a collection of signs with a theme supportive of military . a person displaying a cart while walking along the road .
the groom was nervous before the wedding . the church was set up nicely and everyone was ready for the ceremony to start . the bride was escorted down the aisle by her father . the wedding ceremony was nice and the bride shed a tear . the bride and groom looked very happy after they were married .
doors are to a conference are cracked to avoid outside noise . the bride is getting ready to walk down the isle a bride and groom are standing at the front of a church during their wedding ceremony , making a recording of a live event with a video recorder . a bride dances on the dance floor at a wedding .
the doors were ajar and i could hear a conversation . the couple walked into the room and everyone gasped . the church was beautiful . [male] is the wedding photographer and he likes the groom . the dancing went well into the night .
group of people standing behind glass doors indoors . a bride and groom are walking through the doorway a wedding ceremony is taking place in a church . two men look intense as they peer through the lens of a camera . a bride dancing at her wedding surrounded by wedding guests .
last night the wedding was very beautiful . the bride and groom were so happy to finally be married . the ceremony and vows were also great . there were a lot of professional photographers there . afterward we all had fun dancing and playing games .
a partially open door with people on the other side . the groom and the bride are walking out of the doorway . people gathered in a large church for a wedding bald man with a black man in glasses holding a camcorder a bride and groom dancing and clapping with guests .
we were watching my wedding video from the 90 's . i saw some faces that i have n't seen since . my little sister stood by the wedding cake the entire time . my other sister gave a great speech at my wedding reception . my grandmother looked so happy that day . it was nice to see her again since she passed away .
men and women dressed mostly formal attire are standing in a room and some are talking . several people are at a party and there is a man with a baseball hat with sunglasses on top of his hat . a very stoic woman stands in front of a four tier wedding cake with a look of disdain on her face . a woman in black is holding her hands together and smiling . an elderly lady smiles as another lady stands behind her .
the guests were gathered around looking for the women of honor . some of them were n't dressed as nice and others , and wore a small smile of definace . they finally found the woman of honor sulking behind her big cake . her mom made a quick speech about her and then everyone dug into the cake . later on , grandma and aunt [female] had to do all the dishes from the cake eating . poor women .
a large group of well dressed people are gathered two men at a part pose for a picture a young girl posing for a picture behind a large cake . woman standing at service table with beaming smile . the woman smiles as she is washing the dishes .
[female] wanted to thank everyone for coming to her engagement party . her mom and grandma are so happy that [female] was able to find someone . her sister [female] made her cake for the party . at the wedding , [female] suggested the chocolate fountain . her niece [female] was very happy about that .
a large group of older people gathered in a dimly lit room . a blurry photo of people at a house party . a woman standing behind a cake in a home . a woman standing in front of a window two women in red clothing washing dishes at the sink .
several fell over during the game so they regrouped . the guy hit the ball up and could n't believe it . they ran after the ball so they could win the game .
a sporting team that is in a huddle during the game . a dangerous game is about to begin on the field . a group of people that are playing on the field . three men trying to run defense against another player . a man is running in a field with a ball
i saw a squirrel in the tree in my back yard . it amazes me how they can cling to the trees . he came down out of the tree and stopped . i began to move slowly towards him . he did n't seem to mind that i was getting close to him .
a pep talk before the big game stats . a team of people are raising a team member in the air . a player being lifted up by others to catch a ball men that are on the field playing a game of soccer . man in rugby attire holding ball , running on field .
my husband is a huge sports fan . he 's always watching some sport on tv i do n't even know the name of . i ca n't get what this sport is ! it kind of looks like a cross between soccer and football . i know in soccer , you ca n't hold the ball , so it 's probably not soccer . the ball looks like a football , but the players do n't have any helmets on . my husband watches like it 's the super bowl , and i just roll my eyes .
a rugby team standing in a huddle on the field . the guys is playing football and they are wearing blue and black uniform a rugby play takes place with one man in the air . a man is holding the ball while three men are looking at him ready to attack . a rugby players runs on a field while holding the ball .
high school king and queen taking a nice picture . the cheerleaders are in their uniforms going over cheers . the players are in formation to start the plays for the game . being presented with some sort of award . the band is ready to play when the time comes .
a boy in a football jersey stands next to a girl seated on a throne . nine cheerleaders are performing a routine on the field . the group of cheerleaders dressed in uniforms and standing on the grass . one of the three ladies is wearing a white jersey while the other two are wearing a black jersey football players run to make a touchdown during a day time game next to a corn field .
our beautiful daughter and her boyfriend , are king and queen . our awesome cheerleading squad . a wonderful game , we won ! cheerleaders being presented with a spirit stick . our state champion marching band awesome job guys !
a football player poses next to a smiling female sitting in a chair wearing a crown and holding flowers . a group of cheerleaders clap as they perform a cheer . young ladies in cheerleader uniforms standing in the grass . girls marching with flags and smiling on a field . the football players are practicing their best moves .
i had a great time at the high school ball game yesterday . there were many cheerleaders there . their routine was very good . there were a lot of ceremonies afterward . the game was very close .
two people posing for a photo with a lady sited with flowers girls are standing on the grass in cheerleader uniforms a large group of cheerleaders on the field clapping their hands . young women carrying flags along a green lawn . a football game is in progress with the team in the black and yellow in possession of the ball going against the team in white , yellow , and blue .
the kids all gathered before the game to listen to the coach . everyone was given their own shirt . she was looking for her parents in the crowd . they all began to line up . the race was ready to begin .
people socialize on an asphalt running truck while one child runs down a lane . a mother and children on a race track playing a game . the baby sat in her chair as she stirred up at the camera . children standing on a running track behind a handmade sign . group of children in yellow shirts sitting at blue table with snacks
it was field day at [female] 's school . the first event was a bean bag toss . we met [female] 's friend 's little sister later on . when the events were over , everyone gathered for a group photo . as field day drew to a close , everyone got snacks and prepared to go home
several people running on the track in a stadium . lady with two young children , are playing a game along a tract . a little girl in pink sitting in a stroller . children dressed in yellow shirts show off their banner . children eating a snack at a blue picnic table .
it was a day of excitement at the track . many of the kids were eager to show off and play . and parents were having fun with their kids . it was important to bond together with other students . everyone had fun together in the sun .
a few random individuals are running on a track . a woman is training two children on the track . a young baby in a stroller making the `` pick me up '' gensture with her hands a group of children are holding a sign on a race track . a group of children eat together while adults supervise .
these people were involved in a lottery and did n't know they would soon be billionaires . they met with these people to have dinner and realized they were late to get there lottery ticket . so , they called the kids and said , please go get our lottery , we never miss . this woman sold them the ticket in the mini mart next door . they bought everyone flowers , added a 5,000 dollar check and said , thank you for all of your help .
two people sitting on a black sofa side by side three people are seated at a restaurant table in candle light . couple sitting on couch and gazing at each other . the worried woman is drinking a beer ar the table . a bouquet of small yellow flowers and green leaves
i took my wife to couple 's support group . we discussed our communication difficulties with other couples . a therapist helped us to learn techniques . afterwards , we went out to eat with our daughter . she had bought us a flower arrangement , which was nice of her .
an elderly man and woman sitting on a couch . a group of woman are looking at a man . two adults sitting on the couch looking at each other . a woman sitting at the dinner table with a beer staring to the left yellow dandelions with green leaves bloom in a flower pot .
the couple held a party , everyone was invited . the people that came , talked all night and conversed about everything . some people had never met before , still talking to anyone they could . the night was a hit , and most people loved the party . at the end of the night , everyone had fun .
an older man and woman are sitting on the couch . group of women sitting around a candle lit table . a man and a woman are on a couch discussing things . a woman with a beer in front of her is sitting at a table . the flowers are small , yellow and puffy looking .
we love costume parties and love to have them at our home because it is our favorite holiday . we get a kick out of all the different ideas our family/friends come up with for costumes and alien costumes are no exception . some come up with the most unique ideas and it does not cost a lot of money because she used a paper bowl for a hat and transformed herself into what i think is a clown . scary costumes are great and a vodoo mask is always welcome and i really liked this one . i did not even recognize my friend in this costume when i first saw him because he looked so different and scary which makes it a lot of fun .
a woman in scrubs stands next to the doorframe that is decorated for a holiday . a young woman sits next to an alien figure . a girl is adorned in facepaint with a silly hat while she sits by another guy . a man in a mask sits on a couch at a halloween party . a man and woman are posing together and smiling
so we had a nurse and a ghoul show up at the party . and an alien and 60 's chick . this guy was just lazy . but her costume is good . and there was this cross between leatherface and [male] blart . and some ball player with a pixie .
a woman that is wearing a blue outfit . a woman dressed in flowers sitting next to an alien a woman in clown makeup with a spotted yellow hat and a purple tie a man that is dressed up in his favorite outfit . a young man dressed as a baseball player and a woman dressed as [male] pan , are standing side by side at a halloween party .
when i got back from work there was a lot of people in my apartment . they had a surprise halloween party for me . they were all very happy to see me . some people had some great costumes . i was really happy they threw the party .
a woman in a blue smock is in front of children 's decorations . two people in costumes are sitting next to each other . the woiman is dressed in uniquely different and unusual attire . this halloween costume looks like the perfect fit . a young man and woman pose for the camera , the woman is wearing a green costume .
our vacation to location was fabulous . we toured many places and saw this interesting church bell . this is a view from atop the bell tower . inside the church were many ornate objects . on our way out , we noticed this statue .
a church and a bunch of red topped buildings in a town bell with rusty clapper sitting in stone tower with wooden roof . the rooftops of the houses below are visible a large clock that is decorated in gold on the wall a large stone structure with lettering of poem
when i went on vacation last week i had a great time . there were many old places to see . a lot of the buildings were built a long time ago . there was so much unique furniture . i had a great time there .
a group of buildings that are next to each other . an antique bell is hanging in an old building . a view from top of a building looking down . a jewish object being displayed which showcases jewish symbols . a light shining on the words written on a post .
this is a picture of my trip to location . they were some great views there . the city was wide open and so many people around there . i was not afraid of heights at least ! the views were so amazing , i ca n't wait to go back next year .
the clock tower is surrounded with made shades of roof tops . a rusty old bell in an old building made of brick a view from above of roofs of buildings in a foreign land the star of [male] is on an ornate part of a temple . the monument has words written in greek on it .
the couple took photos in front of the tower and then saw a giant painting before viewing many other paintings and even a room with a huge chandelier . then they went into the most beautiful room of all .
jua tourist couple hug and pose for a picture in front of the landmark . th ornate room was visited by many people a large hallway exhibit of paintings with visitors walking around . people gathered in a large ornate room decorated with mosiacs . the inside of a very pretty church with people in it
the museum was my favorite part of the trip . when you enter it 's like another world . the attention to details ca n't be missed . the crowds started to build as the day went on . closer to closing time though they thinned out .
the man and woman are hugging for the picture . a huge renaissance painting is hanging on a cathedral wall . the people are looking at the artwork on the wall . high ceiling of old building with mural painted on ceiling decorative vaulted ceiling and light fixtures in a gothic cathedral
when i was at the museum i saw a lot great pieces of art . the entire building was beautiful . i had a great time there . it was so pretty . i took lots of pictures .
a man and a woman posing for a picture the people are looking at the historic painting in the museum . many groups of people standing around looking at artwork a large group of people inside a beautiful room with chandilieres a bunch of people are standing inside of a church
the wedding day had finally arrived , and the weather was beautiful . the bride did n't want to wear a traditional wedding gown . a nice group photo of the family is taken after the ceremony . `` here , enjoy some of our wedding cake ! '' a toast to many years of happiness for the new couple .
four men and a small redheaded girl are celebrating on a deck . the couple are standing together with their family . the couple is standing in their back yard . the newly wed couple stand under a tent with a knife over their cake . two men and two women seating in chairs and looking at papers
the celebration began with [male] in a blue shirt . [female] put on her favorite shirt to celebrate . the weather made a group picture very tolerable . stuffing food in [female] 's mouth is a hobby of [male] . the couple consented and filled each other with glasses of wine .
four men and one girl stand behind a wooden railing . a family is posing for a picture in front of a deck . a coupling posing for a picture for their wedding . a man and a woman stand over a table with delicious cakes on it . a family is busy reading a piece of paper together
i went to see my friend 's get married yesterday . they had been together for a long time . so they were very excited to be finally getting married . they had a beautiful cake . everyone had shown up to celebrate .
a group of men and one small girl gather and talk on a decorated outdoor deck . a group of three women and three men pose for the camera . one couple is holding hands . a man in a blue shirt holding hands with a lady in a white blouse 2 people in front of table with cakes on it a group of people seem to be reading cards and letters while a small crowd sits patiently in the background .
my daughter [female] here is getting walked down the aisle by her father . [female] looks so beautiful . after the ceremony she raises her flowers in victory and celebration . some of [female] and [male] 's guests included dress from [male] 's homeland . it was awesome to learn more about his culture . here at the reception all were honored by having their picture taken . everyone looked so happy to be celebrating together . we even had a dance that derived from [male] 's homeland . it was fun watching everyone try to match steps . what a fantastic time we had .
a bride and groom looking at their friends and family the bride and groom holding hands in happiness a couple holding hands smiling with a lot of other people around them . a bunch of people are standing and sitting at a diner table . several people in a dimly lit room standing and clapping .
when i finally got to the wedding it was just in time . the groom and bride were just married and walking off to the car . afterward i showed up for the food . there were a lot of people there . at night there was a lot of dancing .
a bride and groom along with the minister and others . a bride and an older man are exiting with smiles . a happy asian couple commemorates an event of some kind . group of people standing in a house near a large table . a man holds a microphone in a room where others are clapping .
the day finally arrived for us to exchange our vows and commit ourselves to each other till death do us part . we are so happy to finally be husband and wife ! i 've waited forever for this day ! we share our custom made wedding cake with each other . it was so delicious that it was all gone by the end of the night . we invited our closes friends and family to the after party to extend the celebration . we danced and partied the night away to some of our favorite songs , hand selected by the newly weds .
two asian couple just got married on a garden wedding ceremonial an asian bride smiles as she holds up her bouquet . people are standing in a room wearing kilts a group of people are sitting and are looking at the camera . seven men and women stand behind them and are also looking at the camera . two men clapping with others as a man holds a microphone .
my sister had to make sure that she got a dance in with all of our brothers . she laughed so hard dancing with our funny brother [male] . that 's when the bass dropped ! everyone started getting down with the get down ! that 's when family friend of ours decided that he needed to make a toast..
couples dancing together to music on a dance floor bride and groom dancing together at their wedding . a group of people dancing to a live band . a group of ladies and gentlemen dancing on the floor . a man checks his watch during an important seminar .
today i married my husband.the reception started off with our first dance . during the dance my husband made me laugh and everyone thought that was funny . a few of my friends started the party off right by getting down and dancing . after the other goers seen the few start dancing , everyone joined in . at the end of the night , even the camera man seemed to be having a lot of fun .
couple dancing on the dance for their first dance the bride and groom share their first dance at their reception . a small group of people on a dance floor as a band plays . the group of people dancing on the dance floor . a man dancing in a red room with a beer in his hand at a party
the orchestra started playing the wedding march . [female] 's parents took their seat at the front of the church . [female] and [male] were so happy during the ceremony . after the ceremony they partied at the reception . towards the end of the evening , [female] could n't wait to go to the hotel room .
two couples dance on the dancefloor while the musician is in the back singing live . a bride and groom dance while attendees surround them . a group of people in front of a band on stage some people dancing inside a large well decorated room . a man in a formal outfit is holding a drink
the wedding cake was covered in pink and red roses . napkins were decorated with the names of the bride and groom . guests gathered in the church to prepare for the ceremony . glass artwork was displayed to add to the beauty of the scene . the bride and her friend posed for an after picture .
indoor scene of white four layered wedding cake decorated with pink and red roses . a wedding napkin has been printed with the bride and groom 's wedding date . all of the people in the church are standing . a vase in front of a cross in a church . a woman in a white dress stands with a woman in a red dress .
this was the wedding cake at my friend 's wedding . they had premade napkins . there was a lot of family and friends at the wedding . they had cute decorations . here is the bride smiling happily .
a wedding cake with roses decoration and teddy bear a wedding napkin which reads [female] and [male] [female] 8,2010 . people standing up in church for a wedding . the ribbed glass vase is filled with colored paper . two ladies grab the camera for a photo at a function .
i love my beautiful wedding cake . napkins with our wedding date on them . everyone standing waiting on me to come down the aisle . i love the cross ! here i am with my sister
a pink and white four tiered wedding cake napkins from the wedding reception of the newleyweds people are together in a room with a cross that has purple ribbon on it . a vase with colored layers of sand on an altar before a cross . mother and daughter posing together on someones perfect day
last night i was trying to figure out what we were going to do and then i had a great idea . i gathered all my friends and we all went to hang out in the pool . so many of my friends showed up . afterward we all were hungry so we went to grab something to eat . i brought my scary mask to scare everybody . after we ate we decided to climb up on my roof and hang out until morning .
an old picture with a boy in a blue vest yelling . a boy reclines on a lounge chair holding up his arm in a cast while another boy stands behind him facing the opposite direction . the picture is of [male] and [male] day in september 1985 the boy 's face is painted like a devil . the boy is listening to music on his headphones .
i was always a happy kid , always smiling about everything . even when i broke my arm i still had a smile on my face . i have a twin brother who i love a lot . for halloween i dressed up and collected candy . i love music because that is a big passion in my life .
a joyful little boy standing in front of a door . a boy that has an arm cast that is decorated . the twin boys are dressed in their pajamas , smiling happily for the camera just before bedtime . a young child wearing a hat with his face painted . a young boy climbs over a metal pipe in his neighborhood while enjoying some music .
mother son and daughter in front of their home . big sister and her two brothers taking a picture . two brothers having fun in a toy car box . brothers dressing like twins for twin day at school . face painting at a friend 's birthday party .
a young boy wearing a black sleeveless jacket , a print shirt , and jeans , looks very happy . two boys outdoors with one reclined in an arm cast . two boys , possibly twins stand in an older kitchen . the boys are holding each other and smiling broadly . they are wearing similar long-sleeve t-shirts . a young boy is wearing makeup made to look like a devil a buy in a blue sweather is posing on the back of a car
the graduation ceremony was very long . there were many guest speakers . one after another they got up to deliver their speech . i thought it would never end . the students were very happy to finally receive their diplomas and graduate .
an elderly man that is speaking into the mic . the dignitaries are happy for the ceremony to be over . a politician doing his speech in public . he is excited to deliver good news to the people gentleman giving a speech at a commencement ceremony young students gathered for graduation ceremony looking at presentation .
finally graduating college after four long years of studying . family and friend on my graduation day , i have many supporters . amazing men it was an honor and inspiration seeing them on our graduation . our guest speaker the highest paid anchor in organization . receiving my diploma it was an honor and unforgettable one .
speaker addressing an audience at school with faculty three men at a college graduation ceremony share a good laugh . a man , wearing academic robes , speaks while standing at a podium with the word [organization] on it . a person giving a graduation speech behind a podium these college students are listening to the speech of their principal on their graduation night
it was christina 's graduation and she was really excited ! so many different students were going to be graduating today . all the school counselors were really excited to be there . they even had a special guest speaker for all of the graduates . [female] was so happy when she finally received her diploma !
graduation day at the university with a famous guest speaker . three men are wearing chancellor 's robes and smiling a middle aged man gives a graduation speech to the class at [organization] university . a person giving a speech at a podium in a college . happy graduates look toward the stage in eager expectation .
we gathered at the church to celebrate the marriage . the bride and groom wrote their own wedding vows . they make a handsome couple . the reception began with the bride and groom dancing . after the reception , family pictures were taken with the bride and groom .
the alter of a church with a lit cross on it a man and woman getting married at church made of brick . a groom and bride are flanked by others . a couple is dancing at a wedding reception . the man is in a black suit and all the people have glasses
we were so excited to share in the wedding day with the beautiful couple . we watched as they exchanged vows to each other we then had our pictures taken outside with them we listened as his brother the best man gave a great toast and finally it ended with an epic lightsaber duel .
several people sit in a church looking towards the front , which is empty . a priest is marrying a bride and groom . the newly wed couple posed for the camera a man and woman dancing , the woman is wearing a white dress . the bride poses for pictures with her family outside the church .
the wedding ceremony is held inside a church . the bride and groom hold hands . they face toward the crowd . they take a moment to dance . lastly , the couple takes a picture with their mothers .
a couple of people are sitting inside of a large church a bride and groom exchange vows at their wedding ceremony held indoors . a wedding couple looking towards the audience in the back . a bride and groom are dancing in a small room a wedding party is posing for a photo .
when we arrived for our visit , grandpa was asleep on the couch . we decided to spend some time in the pool . our baby must take after grandpa , taking a nap as well ! the family gathered around the pool , lounging and chatting the day away . later on , we went indoors to share in more conversation with grandma and her sister .
he is swimming in his backyward pool on a flotation device a baby lying down sleeping with a pacifier . a woman sits in a patio chair , watching her daughter . a family enjoying a fun time in the pool . two shirtless boys are playing basketball in a forest .
i went to the pool yesterday . when i got home i put the baby to sleep . my mom was outside with the children . there were some people in my pool . the children were playing basketball nearby .
the man floats on an inflatable raft in the pool . a baby with a binky in her mouth laying down with one eye open a woman sitting in a lawn chair looking at a little girl . a family relaxing on the steps of a pool . two young basketball players in shorts without shirts
it was a beautiful day , and the family decided to hang out by the pool . even baby [female] was excited to enjoy the sunlight . but , grandma [female] found a shady spot -- she claims she does n't like the heat . everyone had a wonderful time swimming in the pool and enjoying the day . but , [male] and [male] , who would have rather played ball than swim with us .
the man is smiling and relaxing on a pool float a baby has one eye open as she uses a pacifier . a sitting woman watches her daughter play next to her a family consisting of a father , mother , and two daughters at a family vacation in the pool . a man and boy are playing basketball near the woods .
today is graduation day . we get to wear these funny cloaks instead of cap and gown . here we are ready to celebrate . met up with more friends , tonight is fun . end to ta perfect night .
two girls take a picture after one of them went through graduation . the two people are wearing capes with hoods . three asian women smile together by the library a group of asian women are posing for a picture . a moon is rising above a house and a tree .
the crowd waited for the graduation to begin . then the speaker gave a speech to the audience . the students waited for their name to be called to receive their diploma . all of the student were excited to be done with school . all of their friends and family were their to congratulate them .
two women are smiling together outside a building two asian people wearing hoods take a goofy picture together three woman taking a picture outside of the [organization] [organization] . a group of new graduates on graduation day a photo of a evening sky with the setting sun masked by clouds .
the graduates are crammed in the room . the president gave the speech . the girls were so happy to be done . she was proud to show her diploma . she got a photo with her boyfriend .
people leaving an event getting their photo taken together . an asian couple pose for the camera dressed in cloaks . three women in heavy coats pose in front of the university 's library . a group of women are standing together at night a picture with trees and a light in the sky
family and friends came to visit [male] at his commencement . even his great-aunts came ! they looked in the program to find his name before the program started . they were eager for it to start ! they finally saw [male] and snapped a photo of him !
three friends walking along the sidewalk without a care in the world . a gathering of graduates wearing black caps and gowns . a young man in graduation robes smiles with two older women . having graduated , the group of friends gathered for a picture with pride . several people wait at a table after a meal .
for my brothers my graduation we invited all of the relatives . the entire group of people at the ceremony got together for a small talk . after the graduation my brother got a photo with my grandmother and great aunt . he even invited his best friend and girlfriend to the graduation . afterwards we went out to dinner to celebrate .
3 people walking towards the person who is taking the picture . the graduates are standing in their caps and gowns . a young male graduate poses for a photo with two older women , one person is in clothes for graduation and two friends are next to him . several people sitting together at a linen covered table .
we had to walk to the graduation ceremony because our car broke down . when we got there it was already over . we were still able to take pictures outside . everyone had come to show their support . afterward we went to a restaurant for dinner .
the woman in the front is wearing a holiday sweater . graduates of [organization] [organization] [organization] rise from their seats to exit the hall . a man that is standing between the women . a graduation with three people one in cap and gown with his arm around a woman and a man in a ball cap next to them . indoor candid scene of family sitting in a booth of fine dining restaurant .
governor [male] had an event scheduled . when he arrived at his event he was escorted in by military men . he went to the serving line and ordered some food . he even have the server a tip . the governor have a speech about healthcare . after speech he stayed and talked to local people about their concerns . as few of the residents presented him with a jacket to show their appreciation .
a well-dressed man surrounded by army personnel . cafeteria workers are serving the soldier and the man in a suit their meals . the man is taking questions at the conference . three men under area under canopy , 2 in military uniforms the third is in a business suit . an image of a politician that is with military men
we were honored to have a local representative come to our military banquet . we worked hard making a great lunch that day and he was served just like everyone else . the representative gave a very encouraging speech during the meal . he took time to go to each table and speak to everyone in attendance . he presented his with a volunteer t-shirt after the dinner was over .
nobody could quite believe what the politician said . a man an a soldier order food from a restaurant the congressman sits patiently , waiting for the speakers to begin . service men describing a map and terrain to a businessman . a man in a suit is surrounded by army men
the senator was invited to a military meal and demonstration . he ordered a healthy meal and was ready to discuss the military matters . during the meal , the senator listened about the advanced military hardware they had prepared to show him . at the demonstration , military personnel ask the senator to look carefully as the demonstration took place . afterwards , the senator was impressed with the new hardware and thanked the men for showing him .
a man in a suit is surrounded by soldiers ina room a man in a suit being served at a cafeteria . a man in a suit and tie is sitting behind red curtains two people wearing military uniform is speaking to a man in a suit . picture of a man in a blue suit and tie surrounded smiling along side three uniformed soldiers .
today was graduation day . the girl got a picture as she went up to the stage . after graduation she got a picture on the way out . she took a picture with her friend . she then took a picture with her mom and dad .
eight people in graduation gowns walking by empty chairs students graduating at a ceremony to present them diplomas . a girl smiles proudly as she wears a cap and gown on graduation day . graduates are standing with their parents during the day . a 2009 college graduate gives the peace sign to the camera .
[female] was supported by her peers and family at her graduation ! her folks made sure to take lots of photos of the occasion . afterwords , there was still time for congratulations . her and her brother and parents took pictures together . she put this one up on organization !
men and women in graduation uniforms are walking down an aisle . two students walking onto a stage for graduation . a female graduate in cap and gown smiles in a crowd . male and female graduates posing together between proud parents . a woman wearing her cap and gown after graduation
[female] had been working hard to get through college . it was finally graduation . she walked up to the stage excitedly . just before she went on stage there was a hold up . someone at the front of the line tripped in their high heels and was being attended to . [female] waits anxiously for her turn . finally , she gets through the line , and her face lights up with the biggest smile . then , of course , there are the obligatory photos with family and friends . now [female] is ready to cut the cord to her childhood and begin her new life .
everyone became excited as they made their way to get their diploma . many men and women in graduation uniforms , most uniforms are black a girl smiling and posing for photo in graduation cap the two graduates are holding their diplomas and smiling . a woman wearing a cap and gown is making a peace sign
it had snowed , but the dog needed to be walked . there was graffiti outside . the man stopped to pet his dog . the two passed by more artwork . they were nearing home now after the long , cold walk .
a man wearing black walking down a path covered in snow during winter . graffiti is written on the white wall a dog being stroked on the head outside in the snow . the word idea on a white fence past the snow . a man with a scarf is walking in the snow along a path .
there was a ton of snow on the ground yesterday . i went to the park to walk my dog . he was very excited to see all of the snow . there was a lot of graffiti in the park . after we played for a while i walked my dog back home .
a person is walking all alone in the white snow grafitti on a wall , with various markings up the side of the wall small brown and white dog standing on top of packed snow outdoors . a fence in the snow with blue and black graffiti . a man is walking down a path in the snow in daylight . there are trees on either side . a building lies ahead .
we were off work because of the snow , so we took a walk . there was some spraypaint on a nearby building . the dog loved it . more tagging on a fence . the cold air felt good .
the man takes a walk down the snowy trail behind the houses this graffiti is really ineligible to me but looks like 555 . a small dog stands in the snow as a person bends down to pet it . a white fence with `` idea '' written on it , coated with a dusting of snow . a person in a black coat walking in the snow .
i went on vacation with my wife yesterday . there were a lot of things at the market . i took many pictures . i bought some statues while i was there . they were very expensive .
a couple that is looking at the streets of the town . trash cans are full of various items during the day a man is wearing a silly face mask including glasses , a silly nose , and a party favor . a large golden statue seen from a window outside . a bronze statue reveals flecks of gold under its aged exterior .
a nice couple having fun on vacation in a foreign country . an assortment of items looking in a vintage state . a happy gentleman having fun with a party toy . looking through a window you can see a beautiful figure of a golden statue . the profile of a vintage golden statue .
a closeup of a white man and a woman on a street in [location] the pile of metal had accumulated in front of the shop a man in a pink polo shirt is wearing a silly mask with glasses on his face . you can see the statue through the open window . a bronze statue of a man inside of a room .
during their trip to location , the couple saw many buddah statues surrounding the markets . the markets themselves were filled with many people selling many different things . the streets were filled with many people . you could even buy a lot of fun toys and accessories . there was even a man selling fresh fish that he caught himself .
a man with a woman points on a busy city street . a large pile of scrap is stored on tob of oil drums a man in a costume is having fun with himself . a statue by the window with a blue rope over it . a statue shaped into a head figure sitting next to a wall
it was somebody 's birthday , and they threw a party . not just any party . it was a special birthday part for the organization . a man in his army gear gave a speech , and everyone listened . it was a humbling experience .
a white board sign with a drawing of a birthday cake on it says `` happy 72th birthday , dear uso '' sits in front of a door . a room has many couches and is decorated as if to celebrate the fourth of july . people are celebrating a birthday with the cake at the center of the picture a man in a military uniform is standing beside a snack table gathering of people for camoflagued man with cake .
a birthday party was throw for the organization . first everyone put up decorations for the party . then the cake was brought out for everyone to eat . after that there was a speech given for everyone . at the end of the party every one gathered for a group photo .
a sign announcing happy birthday uso is by a doormat marked [organization] near a door . festive red and white streamers adorn an office . a white cake with blue and red icing proclaims happy birthday uso and is on a red surface . [male] told us that we should n't have made such a fuss over him . people have a welcome home party for a veteran of the military .
it was a nice day for a party for the organization . the decorating crew felt they did a great job livening up the place . a delicious cake is essential to any party . he compliments the cake and gestures for the others to admire it as well . a quick group photo makes a memory you can frame .
happy 72nd birthday is hand drawn on a dry erase board in front of a building . a room with people in it is decorated in red , white and blue . the cake celebrating someone 's 72nd birthday with sugar designs a soldier stands behind a table with cake and flowers . a group with a military guy in front of cake and flowers .
we threw granny a big birthday party . mom came and got a photo with gran . a lot of family showed up for the party . we met some new people too . grandpa even came and hung out with the younger women .
grandma is sitting by a table with a pink gift bag a middle aged man and an elderly woman are taking a picture together . a man and a women holding each other poses happily for the photo . the family poses for a picture in the camera it a picture of a mother and her children .
grandma [female] 's birthday was sunday . she was really happy that her grandson [male] was in the area and made it to the little gathering . [male] is a pro wrestler and is quite the villain on tv . but here was family , he was just one of the guys . and everyone seemed to love him , heel or not .
an elderly woman smiles while sitting next to a pink gift bag . a man has his arm around an older lady and both are smiling . a large bearded man poses hugging a woman wearing glasses . three adults pose for a picture in the kitchen . a man and two women are smiling for a picture .
mom had received lots of gifts on her birthday . geoff and mom posing for a picture together . geoff and [female] making funny faces for the camera . geoff , [male] , and [female] posing for a shot . [female] , geoff , and [male] together again .
this woman is very excited to see whats inside her gift bag . a man with brown hair with his arm around his mom a man and a woman are making faces while taking a picture a man and two women huddles up smiling at the camera . two women and a man in a picture in the kitchen .
the girl is celebrating her graduation . she went some time with her brother . then she spent some time with her grandmother . everyone is so excited for her . at the end of the party she got to eat cake .
young woman graduate wearing cap and gown stands outdoor for photo . a young man standing next to a girl in white graduation garb . a picture of graduation of a girl with his mother a woman is making a funny face in a photo . a young lady is smiling in front of a birthday cake .
eleni was very proud to be graduating . her family gathered to celebrate . they were also proud of her achievement . everyone enjoyed themselves while celebrating with her . the delicious graduation cake was the perfect end to a fun event .
a women in glasses wearing a white cap and gown . they look very goofy and look like best friends the graduate is celebrating with her female admirer . the old women is being photobombed by an obnoxious , younger relative . the cake of the birthday celebrant has lots of umbrellas on top
the recent grad is happy to pose for some photos for her family . her brother is a little upset that he still has years of schooling left before he can celebrate a day like today . her mother is very proud of her daughter graduating college . although her aunts are proud , they are also quick to put a little humor and light heartedness into the celebration . after the photos , they go into the house for more celebrating and cake !
young woman in graduation robe and cap posing for photo.outdoors . a boy in a red shirt and green jacket with his arms crossed standing next to a girl in a white graduation robe and hat with her arms crossed as well . two women posing for a graduation picture , one with a glass of wine . two women that are posing for a silly picture lady smiling behind a birthday cake decorated with oriental drink umbrellas .
here to announce he 's running for president . my father mr. [male] p. wahl i 'm running for president in 2016 , please vote for me . i care about everyone . i 'm honest , sincere , happy to know everyone and mostly , no new taxes i 'm finished with my speech if there are any questions , please ask . vote for [male] .
man with blond hair and glasses in front of a microphone . the man in suit is posed for a picture the man is standing in front of the microphone . the senator prepares to give his audience some incentive to take a nap in their seats . this is a distinguished looking elderly gentleman posing by a brick wall .
i needed to get a good picture of the school principle for the paper . i did n't like the angle of this shot . the color on this one was too yellow . i feel this one is too far away . i finally chose this one as i feel it is my best shot .
the man is standing at the front of the room speaking . a white male in glasses and a suit . an older white man talking in a microphone . man in a suit standing behind a podium . a middle aged man in glasses speaks in front of a microphone in a suit and tie .
i spent all day listening to the speaker talk . he went on for hours . he answered tons of questions . i lost track of time . eventually i fell asleep .
a gentleman giving an address in a church a suited man in glasses speaking in a likely scholastic setting . a man in a suit is talking near a microphone in front of a brick wall . a speaker standing at a podieum and getting ready to speak an image of an elderly white man with glasses
there was record snowfall this year . everything was covered . thankfully i got to park in my garage . it is covered . i had to walk everywhere though .
a snowy park seen from above , with leafless trees and some headstones , oh it 's a cemetary . in the middle of heavy snow this car sits . a snow-covered intersection with no traffic . it is snowing . a snowy scene of the downtown area with a firetruck at intersection a curb that has been covered with the thick snow .
it was a spring snow storm . cars were buried in the snowdrifts . a snow plow had cleared the street enough to drive on slowly . the only place still dry was the multi story parking lots . the street lights glowed like miniature suns . a street sign showed a green man , a signal that it was safe to cross . but was it , really ?
a park with dense trees sits in a parking lot . the red vehicle is stuck in the snow while more snow is falling . snow falling during a storm on small town the fire truck is driving through the thick snow . some tracks are left in the snow at night .
our town was hit with a major snow storm last winter . the cars could barely drive down the roads . my town looked like a ghost town during the storm . the firetrucks were out helping people stuck in their cars . the snow kept coming even after the sun went down .
the trees in the picture have no green leaves . large truck trying to plow through heavy snow . an intersection that is empty with cars because of snow fire engine on snow covered city street with other vehicle traffic . tire tracks leading up a hill during the night .
my mother introduced my nephew to his newest cousin not long after he was born . my grandmother then held him as my mother took my nephew for a bath . next was my father , who looked a bit awkward holding him . they soon gave him back to me when he started crying . i got him to stop and sleep . he slept in my arms the rest of the night .
a woman is showing a toddler how to hold a new baby . the elderly lady is holding an infant , wrapped in a yellow blanket . a man that is holding onto a little baby . a man is sitting in between his parents as he holds a sleeping baby . a person wearing classes sitting on a couch while holding a small baby
people are sitting on the floor . a grandmother is holding her grandchild . a man is holding a baby . a family is holding a baby . a man is holding his child .
a women trying to show a toddler how to hold a baby . grandmother holding newborn child in a happy moment . man holding infant wrapped in yellow and white blankets a man holding a baby with two proud parents on each side of him . the smiling man held the naked sleepy baby .
everyone was really excited when we brought the baby home . they all wanted to see and hold him . he was very popular . the entire family had come to see him . we are very glad to be parents .
a woman showing a newborn infant to a toddler boy . a woman is holding a baby in her arms the new grandpa looks lovingly at his newborn grandson as they sit on the couch . the man in the brown shirt is holding a baby . a man holding a baby with no diapers on .
all the guys at the start of a fun night getting a little dancing on after some drinks they were stuck inside doing homework we were outside enjoying the perfect spring weather things got a little weird
a group of five guys wearing hats are all making signs with their hands and posing for a picture . having a great time , friends laugh as a woman raises her arm and makes a silly face . a male and female sit in a living room with various items strewn about . three people gather together on a deck outside two girls in shorts are wrestling on the floor
last night was a lot of fun . i hung out with a bunch of my friends at a house party . there were a lot of people there . some of them were just watching t.v . in the living room . there were also a lot of people outside on the porch . there were some other people playing around in the bedroom .
a man with a blue shirt that is holding his hand in the air . a woman wearing a pink shirt standing up two people are relaxing in their living room . four young people drinking while leaning up and sitting on the porch rail . one girl is positioned over another who has her back on the floor
parties at [male] 's place are always a blast . the guys are always down to party . but you better keep [male] away from the cake . the girls are proven party animals themselves . [female] may or may not have had an adult beverage with her [male] grahams that night .
young males having a good time at night . a girl that is making a weird and crazy pose young adults relaxing in sitting area of residence . a group of people drink together by a wind chime . two blonde girls that are smiling and wrestling indoors .
i bought my son a new bicycle for his birthday . he spent the afternoon riding it up and down the road . he rode it pretty far into a wooded area . then he rode it out to the docks and stopped to watch the boats on the water . all that riding tired him out and he fell asleep on our car ride back home .
a boy is standing with a bike on a deck next to a body of water . a boy is riding his bike down a country road in warm weather . the little boy is riding his bike down the trail . a boy is on his bike on a pier over looking a body of water . a young boy is sitting in front seat of car with seatbelt on sleeping .
he wanted to take a ride on his new bike . we went on a nice ride out to the lake . we really enjoyed the beautiful view from the dock . it was very peaceful watching the boats . we had such a busy day he needed a nap .
a young boy wearing a helmet and on a bike . a man with a helmet on his head is on a bike . a person is moving down a path on a bike . a boy on a bike is on a dock the boy is sleeping in the seat of the car
i got this great , new bike for my birthday ! i am so excited i am going to ride it everywhere i can in one day . i will ride it threw the woods and down the road . i will ride it to the lake , okay , that was exhausting . i think i 'll take a nap and ride my bike some more tomorrow .
a boy is wearing a helmet and has a bicycle man on a bike coming down a paved road outside . i person is riding a bike down the road in the forest boy on a bicycle wearing a helmet on a dock . a boy that has fallen asleep in the front passenger seat in a car .
today i made my makeup crazy for the masquerade ball . i put on period victorian clothing as well . i decorated my mask with silver lining . i went to the ball with my best friend . there were so many people dancing and drinking .
a pale woman with black lipstick and black hair is pictured from the chest up . a woman that is wearing white makeup and a costume . a woman in a mask wears a neutral expression . a large woman with pink hair at a party a man with a white painted face surrounded by people in costumes .
[female] is at home getting ready for the costume party at her friend 's house . she has decided to dress up in a gothic theme and has selected the perfect dress for the occasion . [female] applies makeup , including white face powder , and black lip and eye liner to really dress the part . her look is almost complete with great makeup and an added cape around her gothic dress . finally , the perfect finishing touch , a mysterious mask .
a lady taking a picture with a white face and black lipstick . a woman with makeup is smiling at the camera . a woman stands in a house wearing a masquerade mask . a large woman in pink hair surrounded by other costumed people . a person with a white painted face near other party goers .
taking a selfie before i put on my costume . the makeup is all done . it 's all coming together now that i have my cape on . i had to get one big smile . i have my serious face on now . i think the mask pulled it all together .
a woman that is wearing white face paint and black lipstick . a woman is in the portrait dressed in a costume and made up in pale makeup . a woman is wearing makeup and a small mask a girl is smiling sporting some pink hair . people are in a bar drinking while wearing costumes .
the garden tour was cool . these flowers are so pretty . this tree has moss growing on it . looks creepy . [male] is checking out the vine growing over the trellis . oh that 's a good look for you , [male] . you should keep that . the flowers are so pretty . need them in my yard .
beautiful trees with airborne moss hang in front of the water as people walk by . water in an idyllic scene near many rocks a man stands under a wooden structure with his hand in the air . the two men are posing in front of a bush with purple flowers . the man is relaxing on the green grass .
i went to the flower garden last week . they have a lot of beautiful plants there . i took some of them . nobody noticed they were missing . afterward i went back home .
the woman with the white hat is standing underneath the beautiful tree . a cave that is near a small body of water . man about to touch the grapes above his head two young men stand together one is holding his chin and the other has his hands clapped together by his cheek similar to a nap man takes a rest by lying in grass with shoes next to him .
josh and [male] went to the location location . there were beautiful waterways and trees . the moss hanging down caught josh 's attention . i think they have decided it is a good time to take a nap . and i think they 've found the perfect spot .
the drooping tree is with blooms dangling down small green shrubs lean over a small tranquil stream . a man wearing a black t-shirt stands under beams and rafters covered in wisteria . men pretend to sleep by purple lilacs , wistfully . a man in blue jeans and a striped shirt relaxes in the grass next to his tennis shoes .
meeting new people at parties is something we all love to do . people gathered in the kitchen getting drinks and chatting . my mate standing next to the christmas tree lit up with lights . torches in a row leading to the backyard . fire dancers lit their hoops and put on quite a show .
a group of people in dark jackets stand in a room with other people . group of people enjoying themselves at a house party . a man leaning backward against a christmas tree . tiki torches form an aisle where a funny looking idol is sitting on a plastic step stool . a woman is spinning a hoop that is on fire .
i visited my sister and her husband this weekend . she does n't like having her picture taken . we helped set up the christmas tree . after the christmas tree was set up we went out for dinner . after dinner we went back to their place where she showed us her flaming hula hoop trick .
some goth types are having a party in a small apartment , or a dorm room . party goers crowded into kitchen area of home . a man decorating a christmas tree - complete with ornaments and lights . a man standing in a yard at night surrounded by torches . the woman is putting on a performance using fire .
[male] and [female] 's christmas party was going swell so far . lots of punk friends and whatnot , it was pretty unorthodox compared to a traditional christmas party . [male] 's brother clearly is n't very good at taking pictures . instead of just hanging around the tree we went outside for a surprise ... . fire swinging performance . it was pretty exciting .
people dressed in black coats socializing at a party . an image of a group of teens at a party the man stands next to the bright christmas lights . a person is bending down in the dark a nighttime scene of a female holding a hoop with flames above her head .
this event is for fraternities to help develop leaders and great men . the uniformed men have come together in support for this cause . the speaker is one of the main advocates for the event . the people on the stage ate discussing important things . quite a number of people showed up to show their support for the event .
people sitting in chairs in the audience waiting for the presenter to appear . a group of military men hold flags on a stage . a person in a suit addresses a professional crowd three people listen as one lady speaks during a discussion a convention held with the audience listening closely .
this is a panel discussion . this is a picture of a man making a speech . this is a woman making a speech . this is a group of military personnel . this is a picture of the audience .
people that are seated in an auditorium and watching a person speaking . a group of servicemen hold guns and flags . a black man in a suit speaking at a podium . the four people on stage are speaking to each other . a large group of people sitting in an auditorium .
the event was held in the meeting chambers at the organization organization organization building . it began with the color guard , the pledge of allegiance and the invocation . opening remarks were made by the head of the organization organization organization organization . an expert panel was on hand and each took turns addressing the audiences questions . it was standing room only and everyone enjoyed the presentation .
people gathered in a conference room and waiting several members of the military holding flags at attention . a gentleman in a suit is speaking at a podium with information displayed behind him on a screen . people are seated at chairs on a stage an audience dressed in business attire looks toward stage .
i was surprised , to say the least , when my friends threw me a surprise party . that 's me in the middle with my pals who came from another state to attend the festivities . these guys work with me . i was so happy to see them there . you can see the colored lights in back at the club where the party was held . this guy looks as surprised as me . that 's me and my roommate . his red hair seemed to match the lively mood !
a woman is surprised at the poster of a naked man . three friends pose for the camera with two wearing glasses . two people are holding drinks and posing at the bar . the women are hanging out at a bar together . a young woman and man wearing denim engaging in conversation
tonight we rave . all of the cool kids are out in their best fashion . there are bright lights and cute cocktails ! everyone is having a great time . [male] needs a drink .
woman wearing polka dotted shirt and white skirt next to large picture of naked man . a group of people pose in front of adult pictures a couple out on a date at a bar a blonde woman grabs her purse in a bar . a man and woman together at a nightclub .
the group of friends arrived to the dance party . once everyone arrived they all greeted each other . they started with having a few drinks . then they went to the dance floor to start dancing . at the end of the night not everyone was having a good time .
a woman in a skirt holds a drink in a club . a group of oriental young people dressed up for an evening out . a couple are having drinks at a event . women are posing together at a bar performance a man is trying to talk to a girl outside .
we went to the city pretty late at night . we were surprised at the energy and activity . there were still a few empty streets we came across . we were never very far from some other late night travelers . at the end of a good walk we decided to cross the street to the bar for a cool drink .
the cars are parked near the curb outside next to a pole people in black and white are walking outside at night cars are sitting in a street at night lit by some streetlights a person that is walking on the sidewalk . two women with shopping bags standing at a corner in a shopping district .
we finally arrived in the city after driving for hours . there were still some people out at this time of night . some of the streets were empty though . there were some shady looking individuals . we decided it would be best to stick together if we walk around .
two cars parked on the street next to a brick walkway a city street with sidewalk food vendors and people walking on the sidewalk area . a night-time scene of cars parked next to a bridge . a man walking down the sidewalk at night time . adults looking at street lined with local businesses .
they people parked their car next to the curb under the light pole . they took a walk on the sidewalk and passed others that were walking and standing around . the moon was shining bright that night . there were buildings on each side of the street . the night was coming to an end and every departed .
it 's night and a black car in behind another car with street signs on the side black and white photo with a group of people walking around a row of cars are parked in a desolate alley at night time in the city , beneath the glowing moonlight . a person walks down a city sidewalk at night . the two women outside are waiting for their friends .
i finally arrived at my friend 's halloween party . everyone was already there and it seemed i was late . we had many drinks that night . people were starting to get drunk . i , myself , was feeling tipsy and decided to take a seat .
a young man is wearing a shirt with two red strips and one blue strip . a woman wearing a silly costume with much blew all around woman in weird costume for halloween has man in headlock . a man hugs a woman covered in blue paint and fabrics . costumed revelers ham it up for the camera
taking pictures of people at the party , friends play around with there costumes and play around while taking the pictures then more pictures are taken while they play around and now the last one of someone else playing around with the girl and her costume
he does n't know , i do n't know , you do n't know , no one knows ! young woman wearing colorful dress and make up stands in home area . a woman with paint on her face and her arm around a man . a costumed woman posing with her arms out and a man holding her around her waist . a woman in princess costume laughing with a group of other partygoers .
when i finished my costume it did not look very impressive . my friend 's costume was much better . she was showing off . i decided to teach her a lesson . i changed my costume and then we went to the party together .
a man in a red blue stripped shirt making a funny face . a young lady in a white dress and blue yarn . a woman dressed in a weather related costume . a man hugs a woman who is dressed in a white , gray and blue outfit a woman is pictured in a costume at a party .
the lincoln museum had a lot of information about his dead . it had the train car key . it had a piece of the coffin handle that had been removed . they had rope from the hanging of the conspirators . they also had a lot of books written on the subject .
an american flag is draped over a coffin at a somber funeral . the funeral car key that was for [organization] 's funeral car . a large metal object on display behind glass . display featuring relic from historic event from previous century . a pile of books arranged both vertically and horizontally .
the furniture from abraham lincoln era is not much different from furniture of today his home was pretty small the bed is smaller than what we now sleep the history in the museum helps to understand history better interesting this is how people received their news in the past
inside a museum with an american flag draped over a table . the key to [male] [male] 's funeral train car is on display . the handle from abraham lincolns casket and a sign under it with a discription piece from a rope which hung mrs. surratt , a [male] conspirator . a disorganized piled of assorted books line a long table inside a building .
we went to the local museum yesterday . we saw all kinds of old items from the past . such as this funeral car key . and this coffin handle . we were n't quite sure how many items were in the entire museum . after the museum we decided to spend the rest of the day at the library .
a display of a coffin with the american flag on it a historic key is put out on display at a museum an image of a rusty old coffin handle from [male] lincolns casket the plaque shows pieces of rope from a famous hanging many books are arranged together to form a tower
here in the studio recording a new album today . this is broken so we had to sit around for a while waiting . ok , finally we get to start singing . drummer , he 's drumming . he 's happy that i said that about him .
a sound board that is used by musical engineers . a girl is standing in front of a microphone a singer , a drummer , and a guitarist playing music in a room . man in his house looking at the camera while drinking out of a party cup . a cat being pet on a comfortable surface .
they told me to do some mixing before their practice session , but i got a bit distracted with the camera . [female] could n't hold back laughs before preforming and i could n't help but capture the moment . a few moments later and the recording began without a hitch . i was impressed by this photo too , but it was clear that rob was not . it 's alright though because his cat [male] was more than happy .
a large music control box with multiple buttons to work the levels a man and a woman are performing music into microphones a band is performing in a dimly lit studio . a man holding a red cup is looking at the camera . a dark gray cat is being petted on a black chair .
here is our amp that we use . i 'm getting ready to sing with my friend . the band is playing some awesome music . here is my boyfriend getting a drink . this is my cat , she is the best .
a complicated sound mixing device with many settings . a woman stands at a microphone , and a man behind her plays guitar . a man singing with headphones on and a live band a man is drinking from a red cup and making a weird face a right hand petting a black cat with a grey nose .
every kind of musician was onstage . singers belted out their melodies with passion . a guitarist plucked his strings . a female vocalist lent her voice to the band . a younger lad even took to the stage , keeping up with those much older than him .
a man playing an electric guitar in front of a microphone a young man puts considerable effort into singing into a microphone . hey man singing with a beanie on in a recording studio he was on the mic doing what he does best . woman holding up a microphone to her face onstage .
today is open mic . this guy can play the guitar well . this guy could sing very good . this guy voice was very soulful . this guy know how to rap and sing . this lady ended the show with poetry and a little bit of singing . it was a nice show .
a man is on stage playing guitar in front of a microphone . a man with his eyes closed sings into a microphone . a person in a brown beanie and grey shirt singing . he was a white guy that really could rap an african american woman talking into a microphone
drummer really was exceptional to night while lead singer sang his heart out guitar player was playingvery good holding his own woman was trying to get the crowd into groove young boy was called on stage and he played very well
a man with tattoos plays a black guitar . man in a blue shirt singing into a microphone a man sings from the heart at an event . a man in a baseball cap speaks into a microphone a woman with glasses that is speaking into the mic .
went to see the dedication wall and it was very nice . all those flowers were beautiful . here i am up close . i was amazed at all these chair like things . beautiful waterway . i enjoyed this part of the trip . i mostly enjoyed all the wonderful handprints to celebrate the love of people .
people walk down a sidewalk past a chain link fence covered with tributes . a man with bad eyesight gets to close to the camera . an area with many wooden chairs lined outside in rows under some trees a waterway runs past a cemetary outside a city . a wall with hand painted blocks around a playground .
walking was the one thing he did strictly for himself . it made him feel good . invigorated by the things he saw . fresh air , the water , it gave him a sense of peace . he pressed his hand against the wall and wondered about all those souls .
a city street with a memorial on a chain linked fence . the white man takes an awful selfie of himself . a collection of objects that are uniquely planted on the ground . some kind of event happening across a man made river the outside wall is decorated with various handprints .
i am a cop for my local town and i like to help others i go around and learn my city i also help out with the kids we are a great team
walking down the sidewalk with wreaths in the fence . a man smiles and makes eye contact with a camera . stone and wood chairs sitting on sand under trees . beautifully landscaped cemetery with remembrance pool and monuments a wall painted with handprints near a stone courtyard .
our getaway in the outdoors . we love it here . the night had an eerily beautiful sky . sitting by the fire is always a good way to relax . fireworks have always been a hobby of ours , especially out here . time to relax and enjoy some time indoors . we 're sleepy .
a small wooden cabin in the forest with the lights shining brightly . a nighttime sky looking over trees and clouds . an elderly man staring into a roaring outdoor fire fireworks being blasted off with rockets in the night sky . two people , man and woman , reclining on a couch , looking forward .
there is not much to do in the country . the couple were looking for something to do . grandpa said their is a fireworks display going on tonight for fourth of july . the couple went to the area were there 's guna be fireworks . they enjoyed the fire works show .
the outside of a wooden building is lit up at night hazy dark night in winter with trees having no leaves an old man looks over a bonfire in a black and white photo fireworks arc overhead and explode in a night scene almost as good a tiajan explosion . a man wearing glasses sitting with a woman
my family and i took a vacation to a cabin by the lake for a long weekend . we enjoyed the peace and quiet away from the city . we had a campfire and roasted marshmallows . we let off some ground fireworks . then we ended the night with some fireworks bright into the sky .
a small building at night with its lights on and some people outside . dead trees with sharp branches underneath an overcast sky . a man rests on a seat in front of a roaring fire . a firework display is looking great in the picture . a man and woman relaxing in a living room listening to someone .
i go to my mother 's gravesite once a year . lately , the place does n't seem well kept up . i find a lot of litter on the ground , and try to pick it up when i can . there 's always one or two graves completely covered with flowers , but others that seem to never see a visitor . i spend time sitting near my mother 's grave , and think about how short life is . i miss her every day .
man standing in a park with chem trails in the sky . a freshly dug grave has no marker yet . a white tobacco product wrapper laying on tall grass with flower petals scattered near it flowers placed on freshly dug grave are wilting the head stone is describing the person buried underneath .
we took a trip to an old cemetery today . some of the graves looked lonely and not very well cared for . there were funny things scattered about as well . this grave looked recent and had a tone of flowers . it belonged to a loving wife and mother .
an older man standing in an open grass field a graveyard with a blighted gravesite with dead greenery . a wrapper and flower petals have fallen into the grass . a lot of flowers are on a person 's grave site . a monument marks a 65 year old woman grave site .
[male] went to see his mother 's grave someone had planted a tree in place for her a lot of people payed tribute to her lot of memorabilia was left at the grave side here was her tombstone
a man stands alone next to a water logged field . a fresh looking grave with some small ornaminations . a label in the grass with petals from a flower flowers and petals cover a grave site in the park . a tombstone of a beloved wife and mother has concrete roses on it .
one white car and one blue car . alot of people in football fields . person watching football in room . person play guitar outside home . tree at night times .
the neighborhood is calm and peaceful at the moment . a lower league football game about to start . a man in headphones watching a football team a band plays outdoors to a small audience in front of a small shed . partial moon seen above horizon during colorful sunset .
it 's a big day in the town of tide location . the local football team is in the championship . the announcer has a live feed going to a local radio station . many people are having parties at home to celebrate . after winning the game , everyone settled down for a nice evening under the stars .
suburban street with white truck park across street a group of people are standing in a staduim a man wearing a headset is watching a foot ball game . a group of people in a rural setting watching a band . beautiful view of the sun going down , breath taking .
they pulled up at the field ready for the big game . it was crowded and hard to tell what was going on . fortunately the announcer was on top of keeping the crowd informed . the end of the game was celebrated with a small community concert . then the community enjoyed the beautiful sunset over their small town .
a white truck and black car are parked on the sides of a residential road . fans watching sporting event on field during break in game . announcer in booth looking at football players on field shady foreground audience to a band on makeshift stage in background dust in the country with sparse trees played throughout
there was once a breaking news story that happened at this exact location . so the news truck rolled up and started setting up . and the reporter showed up to start filming . soon a whole crowd gathered around to see what was happening . so they were incorporated into the news story .
a white van with the back door open parked on a snow covered street . a van parked on the side of a snowy road the camera man and news reporter are standing outside a yard . a female report talking into a microphone on camera a line of people waiting to get into a fenced industrial park .
last night i saw someone break into a van . they drove off with it as i called the police . the news crew came to report on it . the whole area was lit up . a crowd of people stopped to watch .
the lights near the van illuminated little else but the lone tree . a van traveling down a snowy road . going to be recording about this place , see whats going on . a news reporter is reporting outside of a factory at night . a group of people are lined up out of a fence .
it is nighttime in the city . the van parks by the fence . people begin to get out of the van . two people set up a camera . a huge group of people poses for a picture .
[male] lights snowy sidewalk with very bright light . a white van just outside the range of a bright spotlight shining on a leafless tree . a person that is using a camera to record . a snowy street with a large gate , and two people standing in front of it . the freezing temperatures did n't keep these people from coming down to help .
we might just look like a random group of drunk partygoers here , but we were n't . we were all here for one reason -- -to celebrate the end of our friend [male] 's cancer treatment . i gave a speech about him , and i teared up badly . we gave him a superman shirt , and he put it on . that is what he is to all of us -- a superman . then , i danced the night away with everyone else , very happy we still had [male] with us .
two women dressed semi-formally , one of which making a funny face at the camera . a young man rests his chin on a young woman 's shoulder as they both smile . a woman in a shiny blue tank top and blue jeans . three happy young men are drinking beer in a bar . a man stands behind two young women dancing .
these two ladies were dressed to kill at tonight 's party , lets hope they can sing ! this lovely couple was inseparable the whole night . singing commenced , although it was n't very good . at least the boys were enjoying themselves with a few beers . but the beers definitely seem to bring out the dancer in everyone .
two women in dresses standing in dark room a man and a woman posing together for a picture she came up to the mic to sing her heart out a group of guys sitting in front of some bottles of beer . three young adults dancing the man has his tongue stuck out .
we had a part today . everyone got mad drunk . and we also had karaoke . we took lots of silly pictures . it was a great time .
two women in a night club dance the night away a young man in pink nuzzles his red lipsticked girlfriend . a women holding a microphone and looking at a man . a group of friends is sitting in a bar , drinking beer . a man smiles as he dances in a conga line with two women .
last weekend was home coming weekend for our school . it was the weekend were all the alumni came to watch the games . everyone gathered for the reunion . they had a party with drinks and food afterwards . everyone was so happy to see each other again .
a group of people in uniforms preparing for a show group of people dressed in costume looking at power ranger poster the people in town are getting rained on but some have an umbrella a female is pouring a canned drink into a paper cup . a scene of a man talking to two costumed women by a .
a group of students gathered together in the building . it is comicon and everyone is very excited . it is rainy and dreary outside . the staff quickly makes food and drinks for the people who are there . two girls are dressed as the same character .
a small group of cosplayers at an anime convention . people are gathered at an event in bright costumes . a platform in the city with many stands trying to sell goods as people walk by . lady in a blue suit pouring drinks from a can . a pair of women in matching outfits at an arena .
it was raining when we headed out to the game . we saw some of the performers when we got to the stadium . it was easy to get a drink before taking our seats . we could get snacks and drinks from the people in the stands , too . we had a really great view of the game !
costumed girls gathered inside a station , taking pictures . a group of cosplayers hanging around in a lobby . a rainy day in a bustling city square . an airline server pouring a drink into cup . two young women with bunny ears walking with a man in a suit .
there 's only one person i can really call a friend in my life . my friend 's name is whiskers . he 's always been there for me when no one else was . i do everything together . especially eat . and when i 'm sleepy he 's there to cuddle with me .
man holds a black and white cat in a living room a woman and a boy sit at a table together . a man is playing with a black and white cat . a baked potato is the centerpiece on a full plate the cat is laying beside the man on the floor
i got a new cat today ! i did n't know what to feed her so i made some salad . she fell asleep afterward and i slept next to her . i also bought some string for her to play with . the string was everywhere .
man in glasses kneeling down with a black and white cat . two people sitting together at a table under dim lights . an unsure young man petting a sweet black and white kitty , who is laying on the floor . different foods such as baby corn and lettuce on a plate . man asleep on the floor next to a cat .
today we got a cat . we decorated the house for the occasion . we named the cat moose and gave him pets . we made a delicious salad . he was getting so much love .
a man in glasses is holding a black and white cat boy and woman sitting at a table under lights . man petting a small black and white cat sitting on the ground . a close-up picture of a refreshing and delicious salad . the man is sleeping with the kitten
the speaker of the evening has taken the mic and will start the meeting . he will start a slid on the screen for everyone to see . making a little joke to loosen everyone up . now he will end the meeting with a closing . corporate staff decided to take a picture together .
a man at a podium gives a speech in front of a brick wall . a man stands at a lectern and gives a media presentation . a man in a suit giving a speech a man stands at a podium looking uncomfortable . a group of professionals stand posed for a photo .
he was nervous ; however , he entered the stage . he began to speak and the crowd did not respond ... until , he spoke about welfare . a smile took over the crowd and the candidate ... and , he ended the day with his friends and a step up on his competitors .
this is the new principal for the high school the man is dressedin a black suit is standing at the [ odium photo of a man having a severe stroke . a business man standing at a podium . a group of coworkers pose together in a conference room .
the guy was giving a speech by a large wood podium and it was going well . he was happy and took many photos after .
guy in suit in front of brick wall a man is giving a speech at a podium a man is a suit speaking from a wooden podium . an overweight middle aged man behind a podium a group of people pose for a picture in a business setting .
all the best friends got ready together for her wedding . we all took pictures before leaving for the ceremony . the actual ceremony itself was so beautiful . the bride and groom danced to a beautiful song for their first dance . we finished off the night by having a bite to eat .
two people are having a marriage ceremony on a stage with the curtain down . a bride and groom are dancing at a wedding . the groom happily cuts the cake with his bride . a bride in a white dress is sitting on a chair a bride and her bridesmaids pose smiling for a photo .
the wedding party gets together for a photo . the bride and groom share their first dance together . the bride and groom cut their wedding cake together . the bride and groom pose for a lovely photo . the women of the wedding party huddle together for a photo .
the bridal party is standing on the stage in front of everyone . husband and wife having their first dance at the reception . the couple is enjoying cutting the cake together.. a bride sits in a living room , accompanied by a man ( the groom ? ) . a great picture of a bride and her maids of honor .
everyone had shown up to the wedding last thursday . the bride and groom were very happy that so many people could make it . after a few hours it was time to cut and serve the cake . the bride and groom had a great time taking a lot of pictures . there were lots of pictures taken that day .
a man and a woman are getting married on a stage . two people enjoying a dance as a married couple the two couples are cuting a ckae after a wedding a bride sits happily on an ottoman in living room . a group of women in formal attire are sitting together and smiling to pose for a photo .
the camera crew is setting up for their shot the objects are moving pretty fast for the camera each person gets ready for their place the camera man is trying to focus and get the perfect spot for filming
camara man behind the scene filming and broadcasting an event . a metal object that is next to the road . man standing green ladder on city street in front of light post people are on the sidewalk of a city at night a man adjusting his camera equipment crouches next to the base of a streetlamp as other people gather nearby .
filming a documentary . the lighting for maximum viewing enjoyment . setting up the camera . and now it is ready to go . different angles works best for different types of views .
a small monitor sits next to a long camera mount . a spotlight attached to scaffolding shines brightly the man is working on the side of the road in the cold weather . camera tricks make some people appear huge and others appear miniscule on a busy city sidewalk . a man is using a video camera on the ground
we took some photos today . we took a lot of them . we made up a set . and then we set up the cameras . today was a productive day .
blurry picture of technical equipment including a video monitor . the lights had brightened up the scaffolding that sat in the middle of the road . blurry photo of a man with a camera outside a man is taking photos of the street from the top of a ladder . the man is setting up his camera on the ground .
on our trip to location . stopped off for some reflecting . got to see the organization organization . granddad was ready to march with his organization . mom thoroughly enjoyed the reflecting pool . the march went off without a hitch . we all had a great time and got our message across .
a boy and a girl visiting a white house a man and young girl smiling at the camera . the family and friends walked into the park holding various signs and the american flag . a group of children stop at a stone bench near the monument . a man and two women sitting on a park bench .
a father and daughter took a picture together in front of a monument while on their family vacation . the two of them continued to take pictures together in front of other historical sites . after they had finished taking pictures , the family went to the park for a picnic and lunch . then they walked around the location monument area . some of the family members were tired from the sight-seeing and so they rested on the park benches for a while .
an african american male and a young woman embrace in front of the camera . man and woman standing next to each other . people carrying posters and a flag walking on a sidewalk a family sitting and standing by the reflecting pool of the [location] monument . the two women and the man are sitting on a bench .
i went to visit the capitol the other day . i took my daughter with me . we spent a lot of time at the parks . we were sight seeing all day . we got really tired of walking everywhere .
a man and his daughter standing in front of the [location] [location] [location] . an african american family is smiling standing in front of the national monument a group of people carrying handmade signs and other items walks through a park on a sunny day . people are sitting on a stoop in front of the [location] monument . a man and two women sitting on a small bench .
it is the perfect day to see what everyone is trying to sell . it has been awhile since we have seen a real typewriter . there is so much jewelry to choose from there is jewelry and trinkets for all occasions . it is also a great place to buy antiques .
several garments hanging in an open air market the scale , typewriters and keyboard are on the ground . the trinkets were all laid out upon the table the boxes are full of electronic devices to use . a rusty pan and bucket on a tray on the sidewalk .
i went to the street fair today to find some clothing and other goodies . i found some antique type writers i just had to have . and some vintage jewelry for my mom . i ca n't believe people were trying to sell their old outdated junk . one person even tried to sell their dirty , used pot !
racks of coats at an outdoor market under an awning . two type writers that are next to each other . an assortment of jewelry laying on a blue blanket . a motley array of wires and various electronic components a collection of items that are on the floor .
the bazzar was filled with many unique items . because of the rain , few people came out . as the rain cleared it began to get crowded . [male] found a unique stall . the owner was a crochety old lady .
this image is of a rack of coats in a clothing store . mini typewriters displayed right next to each other with keyboards several different necklaces arranged together on a table . boxes full of electrical cords and various electrical parts . old looking metallic pots and tray on the ground .
my first visit to an out of my state church . looks really beautiful . the windows are gorgeous . the paint on the walls are exquisite . this is a lovely place to worship . more windows on the other side of this church . this room is quiet . i do n't think i 'm allowed in here . out in the yard , all the beautiful crosses .
the two wall windows are multicolored and large in size a photo of a colorful adorned rich looking house the wall of a church complete with paintings and stained glass . a fence that is inside of the building . an ornamental headstone in a cemetery adjacent to a church .
the stain glass windows were bright . the color of the walls were golden . the sun shone bright into the room . everything was set up and ready . the sky darken and cast a shadow in the back .
the windows of a church are tall and stained glass walls inside a building give a homely feel . the windows and would work in an old [organization] [organization] the white flowers on the altar are beside the covered object a graveyard next to a church that looks very ancient .
admiring the beautiful stained glass inside a house of worship . a lovely old church where we are going to worship today . the outstanding stained glass windows inside the church . a man coming to speak with god inside a beautiful church . to women come to worship in the house of the lord .
a stained glass window inside of a church . a red wall with several different designs on it the interior of the church has stained glass windows . metal decorations on a door are the forefront of this picture the crosses in the lawn outside the church are very detailed and beautiful .
the tree branches here had a weird green color to them . there was a big gate to keep the cows in . here we stopped and found some pretty flowers . this is the farmhouse where the animals are . and here is some of the goats that were inside .
the trees in the forest are very tall . a small empty road in the middle of trees . the cow was calm in the cold stormy weather . two silly billy goats looking through a metal gate a amazing dirt path in the woods that two young men are deciding what to do with .
we had been in a drought recently . but it finally rained . the road is damp . and the cows are enjoying the fields . these babies want to come out and play . this is some of the damage from the drought . tree roots are really exposed .
several trees in the woods missing branches on the lower part . a dirt path leading to who knows where , lined with trees . the cow in the valley is warching over the filds two goats looking out thru a metal fence from a barn two people are at the top of a slope of a wooded forest .
deep in the forest in a far away land , the trees were exceptionally straight . there was a secret road . and a magic cow . the magic cow had a two headed calf . only one man knew where it was or what its magic could do .
a lot of skinny trees cluttered in flat ground . an unpaved road in the woods presents a lonely sight . a solitary cow sits on a lush green field . two goats with their head through fencing looking out of their enclosure . two men stand at the end of a dirt trail .
after driving around the neighborhood for a several minutes we finally found the halloween party . there were a lot of people dressed in strange costumes . they had some scary halloween decorations . there were some people that chose not to dress up . afterward we all danced together .
a man with long golden hair , blue eye shadow and sun glasses is drinking a beer . a skeleton dressed in white sits in front of a wall . a hidden male mimics rabbit ears behind 2 other males posing for a picture . four males in close proximity to one another . a couple of friends talk and drive as they go down the street late at night .
the party had the normal party elements of music and drinking . some of the guests partied harder than others . a few of the guests were lost and in found themselves in the wrong place . normal party activities included drinking too much . maybe driving home is not such a great idea .
he was supposed to be a woman but refused to shave his face the glow in the dark skeleton decoration is creepy . the man is standing with a police officer while someone gives them bunny ears . 3 men in a group hug with one wearing a strange angel costume the people are driving in the car with the roof open .
the drinks were cold and numerous throughout our halloween . there were scary costumes that took a lot of work to design . there were some guys who chose not to dress up at all . as the night went on , shirts came off and the crowd got a little wilder ! luckily we all made it home in one piece with the assistance of designated drivers .
a man with a blonde wig drinking from a green bottle . a photograph taken on 10/28/2006 for a halloween party two men posing for an image and someone holding up bunny ears behind their heads . four guys with black hair in a group hug . a picture taken of two men in a car on october 29 , 2006 .
everyone was getting ready for the wedding that day . redbull and tums were brought for added fun . the men all posed for a picture before the ceremony . the bride and groom walk down the aisle to take their vows . the night winds down as the man makes a speech at the reception .
the young man is smiling and wearing a leopard print robe . cans of energy drinks , cigars , and a container of antacid tablets are arranged on a bed . a group of men all dressed in black suits a smiling bride and groom are walking down the isle , away from the minister , through a clapping crowd . a man with a microphone standing in the middle of a formal event .
the groom was more than ready for his big day . he started the day with a stiff drink . his best man was still working on the speech . the other men were getting dressed . they had all the basics for the day .
a smiling young man wears a plain white t-shirt and a fancy animal print hotel robe . a bunch of energy drinks are laying on a bed a group of men dressed in suits pose confidently for the camera . a woman carrying flowers walking down the aisle . a man taking his time with his funny speech for the wedding couples
wow the big day has arrived and now i have to get ready . a few energy drinks and other necessities to get me through the day . do n't we just all look handsome in our suits . it is done we are married and she is beautiful . i can not wait to start my life with her she is my everything . my best friend and best man starting the reception off right telling a few jokes and saying the best thinks ever .
a young man wearing a leopard print robe answers the door smiling . tums , caffeinated drinks , alcoholic events , and a cigar sit on a bedspread . ten young men are posed with a red couch in a room . a newlywed couple walks down the aisle just after being married . a man is talking into a microphone in a room of people who are dressed nicely .
the kids were all ready for trick or treat . when they arrived back home , they were worn out , but happy . so many candies were brought home ! this was their take . he did n't reallize how much candy he had in that bag !
an image of two kids dressed up for halloweeen a young kid dressed as a werewolf for halloween goes trick or treating . a kid that is holding a bag of goodies . the kids sorted out their halloween candy to be sure there was nothing icky in there . a young boy resting his head on his hand .
the last pose before heading out for treats . i wonder where my buddy went . i got my cute little green bag filled . it was a great night . look at all the great candy i got . why ca n't i eat my candy for dinner ?
two people in costume , one dressed as a warewolf , the other with a black coat , white mask and gloves , and eccentric hair the person is weaing a red shirt and a helmey of a dog a neon green bag is full of chocolates and candies for their children back home large assortment of packaged candy displayed on bed . a boy with a jack o ' lantern shirt sits next to a bed with his hand on his head .
look how much candy i have mom ! i have all this candy from tonight . i 'm going to organize it as much as possible . wait , there 's no point . i 'm just going to eat it all by myself anyways .
the two people are standing together in costumes . a young man is wearing a werewolf costume and standing outside a door . a handbag filled with candy from a trick or treater a lot of candy is spread all over the bed . a boy with his hand on his head wearing a jack o'lantern shirt .
there were a lot of old buildings . there were old phone booths as well . the market had vegetables everywhere . you could pick whatever fruit you wanted . then when it got dark the streets became mostly empty .
a large , ornate red brick building behind signs directing traffic . an old telephone booth by a building not being used . selling different vegetable and fruit on a stand . many fruits and vegetables and a scale at a produce stand a view of a wet street and the city lights .
we took a trip to a town for vacation . we first stopped by a farmers market where they had all these fruits and vegetables for sale . at night , this city becomes lit up by so many lights . it feels great to walk around in a busy city at night . we stayed for a couple of days and then we went to the train station to catch a train home .
the side of a building has windows and pillars a phone both is red with black borders outside assorted vegetables are piled up in a market . displays of different kinds of fruits , with prices listed the wet roads of a busy city at night time
during my trip i actually saw a huge outdoor hot bath ! we then went to the market and got some fresh produce . we walked around until dark . the streets seemed empty after dark so we went back to our room . the next day , it was time to get back on the train and go home .
a view of a multi story brick building and a city street . this damaged and defaced phone booth is a throwback to the days before cell phones . a variety of fruit and vegetables on a stand at a market there is a bunch of fruit in a store . there was not much traffic the night of the big rain storm
the city was filled with historic buildings . the choir gathered and sang a beautiful melody . finally dawning my appropriate uniform , i smile for the camera . two women pose with me and my dog . the dog appears to smile for the camera as well .
a crowded street with a clock tower in the background . faculty wearing robes from different programs standing on stage a woman is sitting with her black & white dog . three women are posing on a brick ground , one has a dog on the leash . a dog is laying on brick laid ground outside
i had to get ready for my performance yesterday . i was practicing for it for a month . i was nervous during the event but it was okay . i brought my dog with me to the event . my friends and family were there to support me . my dog was also there to support me .
people mill about an enjoy lunch on the sidewalk in front of old buildings . a group of scholars are on a stage . each person is wearing a gown . a woman with her guide dog wearing its harness three women are posing with a dog on a leash . a black and white is relaxing on the sidewalk on a nice day .
my sister had a huge day yesterday downtown ! she preformed a symphony with her class . of course , she brought her ptsd dog with her . my mother and i were so happy for her , she 's never been in front of a crowd that big . it would n't be possible without the dog .
an old church building is surrounded by tourists . a bunch of people stand together on risers on a stage . the proud dog owner sat with her canine companion . a group of women that are next to each other . a dog on a red leash is resting on the stone .
the family arrived at the lodge for a day of fun . they went outside to see what animals they might see . they first saw a bald eagle . after awhile they came across a dear in the distance . they later took a walk and saw the beautiful mountains in the distance . finally to complete they day they went on a helicopter tour . what a great day for the family !
the snow is melting off the roof of the building . the [organization] [organization] is sitting on the top of the tree . brown dear in the forest in the snow a wonderful shot of the canyon in winter . a white helicopter with a colorful tail sits on a pad with snow around it .
i went to the nature sanctuary to see wildlife . i saw a bald eagle perched at the top of the tree . nearby , a male deer sat on the ground observing what was going on around him . the canyon in the park was absolutely gorgeous . finally , i saw a helicopter leaving on a search-and-rescue mission from the park .
front of building seen during spring time on sunny day . an eagle perched atop a some branches of a tree looking to its side . a male deer sitting on a patch of unfrozen ground , surrounded by snow . this is a picture of the grand canyon this helicopter is setting on a snow covered field .
every summer we visit thr lodge . we go bird watching . we also practice animal tracking . most of the time is spent just wondering around the grounds and adventuring we almost always ebbs the our stay with a helicopter tour !
a building that gives information to new tourists . an eagle sitting on some branches on top of a green tree . a deer sits on the only patch of ground not covered by snow a man stares at the mountains and a deep gully caused by erosion . the helicopter makes a landing in the snow with its rainbow tail
everyone showed up to my apartment last week for the party . there were a lot of people . we all had to sit very close to each other to fit . we had some food delivered . it was delicious . afterward we all sat and relaxed while drinking some tea .
man wearing a newspaper hat on his head sitting next to another man dressed as a vampire . a group of people sit together having drinks . three asian friends smoke cigarettes and drink beer together . three men in minimalist costumes pose for a picture . young people are posing for a funny picture at a party .
we decided to have a party for halloween . all my friends came over to my house . we had a lot to drink and many people showed up . we all were very chatty that night . i wound up needing some alone time later just for me .
a man takes a picture with blood coming from his mouth . a group of people sit around a table with beer cans and bottles . a man in a fur hat sitting between a man smoking and a man with glasses . the two of the three men appear to be intoxicated . group of people pointing and posing for photo
the halloween party was a success the guys had a great time talking and dressing up with each other . the boys had all kinds of costumes and fun times overall .
2 guys taking a picture and having some fun on halloween a group of people sitting around a table having drinks three men are smoking in a gray building . three men are posing together in costumes . a young man in a paper hat surrounded by others in robes .
this couple visited a star wars convention . the convention featured a recreation of a famous star wars scene . there were effects and lighting and music ! the storm troopers were nice enough to carry the couples bags while they took pictures of organization organization . it was an out of this world day .
what do you think they did to get arrested by the stormtroopers storm troopers are standing guard while darth vater appears with a light saber . starwars characters doing a show inside a building two storm troopers that are holding two blue shopping bags . dark vador is on display with the clothing
the star wars convention was amazing . there were storm troopers everywhere . they even did a choreographed dance . we got to meet some of the storm troopers . the best part was when we saw location location .
two storm troopers intermingle with two asian women . storm troopers and dark vader with a red light saber . a group of friends are playing laser tag . storm troopers that are shopping at the adidas store everyone wants to have a picture taken with the dark lord
the star wars convention was amazing ! i went with my brother . the stormtroopers put on a show ! there was laser tag too ! we left with masks and costumes . i put on a costume and posed with vader .
an asian girl in black and an asian boy in green pose next to storm troopers . starwars stormtroopers in foreground as [organization] [organization] approaches through fog . five people in sci-fi looking costumes with shooting laser beams . storm troopers that are holding up with the ditas handbag a woman is standing next to a large star wars statue .
an mc takes the stage to talk on the microphone . a couple is dancing together at the club . a group of friends are dancing and having fun . a couple poses together for the camera . a man wearing a sweatshirt poses for the camera .
man stands with microphone in front of a long table . man and woman dancing in crowd of people a group of girls and guys dance at a night club a woman gives the thumbs up as she snuggles next to her friend . a dishovelled looking man with a light smirk , white hoodie , and slight right eye wink in a blurry room .
the dj got the audience hyped up for the party . a lot of people were dancing . others were dancing in larger groups . the two stopped for a photo . some people left the party earlier than others .
a white singer looks to the crowd as he raises his hand toward the roof . boy standing with girl in dark room with neon lights a group of people dancing at a night club . a woman giving a thumbs up next to a man a disheveled man wearing a white sweatshirt looking at the camera
when everybody had arrived we finally got the party going . everyone was on the dance floor when the lights went out . it was a lot of fun . tons of people told us they would definitely be back . i had a great time .
the emcee at a party tries to get people on the dance floor . a young man and woman dance away on a summery night . a bunch of people are out dancing on the dance floor . man standing next to a girl who is too hot to be his girlfriend a man wearing a longsleeve shirt with a hood is standing next to the wall
friends gathered for a halloween party . some of the costumes showed very little effort on the part of some of the party goers . other party goers did not have costumes at all , and they were not smiling much . then there were the people who tried to put on a good show and they seemed very happy . a group of people put a lot of effort into their costumes , living up to the spirit of the halloween party .
young man and woman embracing in a restaurant in costume . three guys pose with a bottle of alcohol . two girls and a man in a dark club posing for a picture . costumed men embrace drunkenly in [male] simpson and hawaiin dress . three people dressed up for halloween are standing together .
these two sisters were wild that night . cutest couple of the night award to these two . they were talking about some dirty stuff when i walked over . [male] simpson and pukashell man ! these four did n't understand the holiday at all .
a woman that is standing next to a man . three adults pose for a picture holding drinks . three young adults sitting on black and white sofa with arms around each other at the bar celebrating a luau with a man dressed as [male] simpson . three people at a halloween party , wearing costumes that look like old man , sad goth girl , and frankenstein 's monster .
costume time at our favorite bar , we made sure our costumes were extra lame . some of our friends went out as drunkards , that 's right , drunkards . we put on our best shitty selfie faces whenever our pictures were taken . this guy 's [male] simpson was really shitty , it was kinda scary . but , at least we got to see a creepy frankenstein and an old dude .
a woman and a man dressed in costumes . three people smiling and looking at the camera two women and a man sitting on a couch . two men in costumes pose for the camera . three people , two men and one woman are dressed in halloween costumes .
a friendly game of pool at the pub . lining up the perfect shot . a lady dives across the table to save the shot . two friends out on the town . someone is telling the photographer they are number one .
a woman is shooting pool , there is a bar in the background . a young lady playing a game of pool getting ready to make a shot a woman is reaching across a pool table a woman with blue eyes and glasses looking upward two men with mustaches in a bar with one throwing a finger .
last week my best girlfriends took me out to teach me to play pool . here we are getting a drink while waiting on a table . here 's a shot someone snuck of me lining up on the cueball . another shot here , the ball i 'm trying to hit is right on the edge of the pocket at the opposite corner . later in the night , one of the girls decided she 'd make my shots harder . we had a great time !
a woman bends over a pool table at a bar with others standing around mingling woman shooting pool in a pub and she is enjoying herself . the woman is reaching across the pool table . a girl with blonde hair is smiling at something the man is hugging the other man and giving the camera the middle finger .
when we got to the bar there were already a lot of people there . i found my friends sitting by the bar . they wanted to play some pool so we waited for a table to open up . we had a lot of fun playing . some people did not know how to play .
bar patrons are enjoying drinking and playing pool . a woman is playing pool in a lounge or bar area . woman leaning over pool table with arms stretched the two women are enjoying the show in front of them.. two men sit with fake mustaches and one holds up his middle finger .
doll collecting is one of my favorite hobbies . there 's is no limit to how creative you can be with the doll 's outfits . i even like to dress them up for holidays . this doll is very rare and the kimono is 100 % silk . i have to be very careful because this is a porcelain doll .
a doll with blond hair and shorts sits on a chair . a doll is hanging off an old chair that is decorated a doll dressed in black surrounding by toy pumpkins a white doll wearing a robe and sitting on a couch . there is a doll that is dressed in fancy clothing .
i was frightened by the little doll even though i knew she was n't real . another doll flailed on the chair looking drunk . a leather-clad platinum blonde lectured the pumpkins . serene in a kimono , a placid doll rested on a fainting couch . this one was the most lovely , all in earth tones .
a blonde headed doll wearing black sitting in a tiny chair . a doll of some sort tries to climb on a chair lady with white hair and black outfit sitting in a chair a blonde doll is dressed in a kimono and seated on a toy sofa . a well dressed doll with walking cane that has a skull mounted at the end .
the dolls were all arranged nicely . one of them kept falling off the chair , though . the tall female doll looked very elegant . they all sat nicely for their photos . it was a great occasion for all !
a fancy doll with big sad eyes sitting in a chair an antique doll is posed climbing a plush gold chair . a doll that is sitting next to the pumpkins . a doll that is in a traditional asian outfit on a chair . a porcelain doll in leather boots and a cropped blazer sits cross-legged in a doll-sized chair .
yo yo yo . i got a story for you today . there was this zebra named zeeb . he was just minding his business when he bumped into his enemy , white bear . white bear started at him and was like yo you got a problem ? zeeb turned to him and was like , come at me bruh . zeeb looked super cool . white bear noticed his cool and walked away . i was like wow i need to get some of my own stripe .
this african animal has curved horns for the male and none on the female . one lonely zebra stands beneath a tree while people watch from a window in the distance . the polar bear is staring out at something a zebra stands around in his zoo cage . a polar bear standing with its eyes shut .
we went to see the location location , and our first stop was some gazelle like animal eventually we came to see the zebra , who is very majestic in his pasture when we came to the polar bear , i could n't help but see his moustache we went back to see the zebra again ; he 's my favorite animal . his mane is so cool when we left the park later on we passed the polar bear , who gave us a smile as we departed
two brown gazelles standing beside a big rock a zebra in the foreground with trees and a structure with people in it in the background the massive polar bear looked around in his pen at the zoo . the zebra is standing near the tree in the zoo a polar bear squinting its eyes in the sun
a man was preparing the zoo for us . once everything was ready , we saw a polar bear . we also saw an oddly colored polar bear . we were scared , and seeing an owl did not calm us . we decided to leave but our path was blocked by a zebra .
two wild animals stand next to a large boulder . the zebra is standing in front of the trees . a white polar bear stands next to a metal railing . a lone zebra is walking in the dirt a large white polar bear in a zoo enclosure .
today is the annual scottish pride parade in the city . men line the streets wearing their kilts with great pride . beer is a fun part of the scottish pride parade . this man is leading the troop of men playing their bagpipes . it was a rainy day but everyone still enjoyed the sights and sounds of location .
the scottish men are marching down the street with their bag pipes . a group of individuals are wearing plaid kilts . this image is of a person dressed in a beer costume . a man in black playing the bagpipes in a parade . people are marching on the street in their kilts .
the man wore a brave and bold uniform . his men followed him in respect . a man wore a cup costume and strolled around . the tradition was magical and i felt the culture . the men played bagpipe instruments .
men in scottish kilts are walking down a street men in kilts and other traditional scottish wear are marching in step . a person walking down the street wearing a costume . a man wearing a brown hat playing the bagpipes . people are wearing kilts and playing instruments in a parade .
we watched the pied pipers march in the parade . they all walked in step with one another . this guy was my favorite . he looked like a big mug of beer . the pipers played heavenly music while marching . they marched for many blocks while they played their music .
a marching group of men in kilts walking down the street in a parade . a group of men wearing kilts walk in a parade . a beer that is walking down the busy street . a bagpiper in full regalia , playing very intently . a bag-pipe parade is making it 's way down the street with numerous individuals in traditional uniform .
the crowd arrived to watch the baseball game . everyone was excited to watch the game . some of the people had to sit in the back of the crowd . the person at bat was able to hit the baseball . the out fielder caught the pop fly .
a large group of people watching an outdoor event of some kind men in baseball hats sitting and watching sporting event some people sitting in the stands at a baseball game . the batter is running out of the batter 's box . baseball stadium on a sunny day with players on field .
the town was hosting a local baseball game . every one came to cheer their local team on . most of the people got really into it , rooting for the team . when the local team hit a home run , the whole audience cheered . at the end of the day , even though the team did n't win , every one had a good time watching .
two women that are smiling and watching a sports event they hope to someday be out there on the field playing themselves spectators relaxing in the bleachers during a game baseball players playing a game of baseball , four noticeable players in the photo . a person standing in the middle of a baseball field .
i went to the local baseball game , halfway in we still had n't seen any action . people were growing restless , and a few even left . all of a sudden a pitch like nobody had ever seen was thrown . the batter managed to hit it out of the park . after that the game had everyone 's attention .
two women looking over a rail at a game . the men are focused on something at the game . fans in seats during outdoor stadium event in daytime . an action shot of a baseball game where the ball was just hit . a player on a baseball field seen through a fence .
i visited my parents in location this week . the weather was cold and snowy . we took the dog out for a walk but needed to get away from the road . we started to wander through the words worried that the dog would get cold . the dog loved the snow and laid right down and it .
family standing in a field while it 's snowing outside . man stands in snow in colorful outfit two people and a dog pose for a picture on a cold winter day . a woman and child are taking a dog for a walk in the snow . a flat landscape is covered in white fluffy snow .
we had a great time on vacation last weekend . we spent the entire day hiking in the wilderness . we took a lot of photos of nature . after hiking for a while we came across a road . the view around us was complete desolate .
group of people posing together in a snowy field . dark skinned person with multiple colored hat and pink boots standing in the snow . on a brisk winter day , a woman goes outside to explore the snowy landscape with her adopted daughter and their dog . a young child walks a dog in the snow . an empty field is covered with falling snow .
my family went for a hike on a snowy day in the woods . mom loves to take pictures of me . dad loves to take pictures of me and mom . my dog does n't like to get his picture taken . it was nice to be back in the warm car driving home .
three people and a dog are in the woods in the snow . person posing for a picture in the snow two people stand outside with a dog . an adult and a child are walking a dog in a snow storm . a snow covered plain devoid of people and vehicles .
the game is timeless and it is necessary to pass the tradition to the youth . they were excited for the first pitch of the day to begin . the umpire carefully studies the outcome to make the proper call . with great victory comes sweet glory . the demonstration captivated the crowd .
a baseball player swings the bat with great effort to hit the ball . picture of two old time baseball players both of them standing on a base one is much taller then the other . a black and white of men on a field playing baseball . a man in bed shakes one of his friends hands . the man is swinging a baseball bat in front of a crowd .
i went to the baseball game today . there were some great players there . one of them was injured during play . he had to go to the hospital . afterward we all went to a banquet .
a large man hitting a baseball strongly in a black and white scene . two baseball players from a long time ago are playing baseball . a baseball player lies on the ground while his teammate checks on him . men shake a man 's hand that is in the hospital . an audience watching a man with a baseball bat onstage
my grandpa was a great baseball player . he had a very long career in the sport . he was even injured once but it did n't stop him . his whole team came to see him in the hospital . he even made it in to the hall of fame !
an old image of one of the first professional baseball players two baseball players are standing next to the bag . antique photo of a baseball game , man laying on ground a black and white photo of a man lying in a hospital bed with others around him man swinging a bat on stage for a crowd .
we were proud of the alcohol we had next to the window . we bought a lot of alcohol from the grocery store . we were preparing for the night . the guests enjoyed the alcohol we brought . lastly , this couple got intimate at night .
a guy in a coat is holding a piece of paper thinks that he is going to be doing some drinking soon a man stands with cans of soda in his arms . a man blows a lot of smoke out of his mouth . the woman is happy although her boyfriend appears drunk .
the list of the drinks to buy for the party . got several bottles of liquors . as well as cans of beers . smoking hookah and partying . having a good time with his girlfriend .
the man stands with a white piece of paper in hand . are young man standing next to a window sill full of alcohol . man in blue shirt carrying 3 cases of soda cans . a young man blows smoke from his cigarette in to the air . a man in a tie and a blond woman smiling together .
he ran down the stairs yelling `` i found it ! '' offering up the missing document . it was time to celebrate now that the important paper had been found . he presented an array of liquor bottles . the beer delivery was finally there . the party could get started . he wondered if anyone would be upset if he told them he really did n't like being enveloped in smoke all that much . they were feeling no pain , having sampled a bit from every one of the liquor bottles on the window sill .
a man standing up holding a piece of paper in his left hand . a young man in his early 20s poses next to a massive line of vodka and other liquor bottles on the shelf . a man in a blue shirt carrying three cases of `` slots '' . man blowing out a giant puff of white smoke . a couple posing for a picture late at night
some of the simplest costumes were the most creative . a lot of people showed up for the party . some costumes were very scary . with drinks in hand , there was plenty of conversations going . one group of guests had a little skit going .
a man is dressed as an error code web page for halloween . a picture of friends , one with a denim shirt and the other with a bright blue wig and elbow length gloves . a red haired young man with a striped tie , lab coat , and a red bottle cap strapped to his nose . the woman is sitting on the lap of a guy dressed up like a rocker . a person with a red shirt and silver hot pants is touching the shoulder of a woman in brown .
the party had some unique characters . the ladies had a great time . so did the office worker clown . the party was really fun . we did the robot dance .
a man wearing a costume stating '404 page not found . ' a costumed young woman wearing a blue wig and holding a drink poses with another young lady . a playful man wearing a red peg for a nose posing drunkedly a guy and girl dressed up in costume . two mannequins are posed in odd costumes and stances .
my friends have a great sense of humor . they dressed crazy for the halloween party . one looked like a doctor clown . one of my friends made a very convincing slash . several went as cross-dressers .
a man that is dressed up like a computer message a woman with blue hair holding a drink standing with another woman . the guy has a bottle top on his nose like a clown . the guy in leather is drinking and smoking a person with a red outfit is next to a person .
the radio caster talks with the employee in the other room . the employee is focused on his work . the other employees are busy handling phone calls and tasks . they look at pieces of paper for notes . lastly , this employee loved this figure very much .
a group of people that are talking to a radio show host . two men in a radio room with man electronics . one is sitting in front of a microphone while one stands up in front of a microphone . a group of people talk on telephones in a crowded room . a group of people that are inside of an office . a man holding a cardboard cutout of another man .
i went to the radio show yesterday . there were a lot of people there . i had a great time . there were many employees monitoring the show . i hope i can go on the radio again soon .
this is a radio station and the dj is currently saying something on air while his assistance is working outside the booth a man is standing in front of a microphone and another man behind him with headphones is seated near audio equipment . the two are seated at the table each taking acalls a group of people at a cluttered desk look into a mirror . a man hugging a standup photo of another man
[male] gabbing away while participating in the pledge drive . [male] did n't say much even though he had the microphone the whole time . some of the operators in the phone center . [male] coordinated all of the volunteer call takers . [male] giving the card board cutout of [male] a hug .
a man sits at his desk with equipment , while another man across speaks into a microphone . a man in a radio booth standing next to a microphone . several people on the phone and some standing behind them group of people sitting in front of a mirror in a room . older man hugging a display of another man who is smiling .
had a great going away party . yes , we will miss you ! your tribe will be here when you get back . it 's not a party until the fritos and organization show up ! the whole gang was here .
this scene is with a group of people celebrating a party and eating pizza . a bald man with a blue shirt holding a cake with `` we will miss you jesus ! '' written on it . the man is writing on a large piece of paper on the door . a couple of young adults conversing in front of a table covered in snacks . everyone had a great time and it was good to get a picture together .
the family decided to have a going away party for their son . he posed with the cake they made for him . he was going overseas in a military base . during the party , everyone decided to play games and draw . the cookies and chips were never in shortage . at the end of the night , everyone decided to take a group picture to remember the great moment .
young people gathered for home event with lots of snacks . a man is holding a cake with `` we will miss you [male] ? '' on it . a man draws on a giant piece of paper . two women are sitting behind a table with many snack foods on it large family gathered in small living room for photo .
so we had a gathering with tons of food . we were sending off our friend . we will miss him ! we each took turns writing down some memories . too much junk food was consumed by all . the group shot was perfect ! i love tripods and self-timers .
friends gather together for a party at night with food and drink . a man that is wearing a blue shirt and holding up a cake . a man with a beard adds content to the white poster . a table full of snacks sits in the middle of the room . a party of 20 people posing for a photo in a living room .
there was a concert for peace in the park today . there were many activities and events . many different people got to talk and express their thoughts . so many people were gathered at the park to promote the message of peace . we all ended on a great note and had a band end the concert with many songs .
two people are standing in front of a fence reading the sign posted . the woman is hula hooping outside in front of the fence . five performers stand on stage at an outdoor venue . a large croud of people are gathered in close proximity to each other . the musician is up on stage in front of the microphone .
at the charity event , there were many paintings up done by local atrists . one area had fun events , such as a hula-hoop competition . the speakers were very interesting and their testimony was very deep and heartwarming . i was shocked at the huge size of the crowd . the finale act was worth waiting for . everyone was singing and dancing the entire afternoon .
a man observes a few very colorful posters hung on a chain link fence . the woman is hula hooping with her arms in the air and smiling . a woman sings on stage during a concert . densely packed , fenced-in event outdoors with forestry in the background . the picture was fuzzy but you can still see a man singing on stage .
do you see this huge crowd ? look at all these people . everyone having fun and laughing . people singing and dancing . everyone together , no fights , no hate , just everyone together for one focus . this is what concerts are all about .
the artwork is displayed on the chain link fence the woman is having fun as she does the hula hoop . several people on the stage singing to a crowd . this festival is crowded with people who are tightly packed in together . a lead singer is standing on stage singing into the microphone .
i drove by and saw a truck pulled over on the highway . he told me he was sick of his company that he worked for because his truck kept breaking down . i gave him my contact info for my trucking company . he then quit his company and joined mine . he quickly became acquainted with the fellow workers of the new company .
red truck passing line of parked trucks on rainy day . man in a red hat talking to a driver in a truck a man in a truck is handing a piece of paper to a man in a red hat . group of people with red matching hats posing three men wearing hats standing together in front of a big rig .
a storm was coming to the area . many people were making precautions . the city just sat there , not knowing what was coming . first , was a blast of snow that hit the area . it looked like a lightening strike . later , the snow covered the ground . the snow made it difficult to walk through the city . many people were ready to help out their neighbors and friends after the storm hit . though it was dangerous , it was beautiful too . the snow covered ground looked calm and peaceful .
an image of a red truck driving in the highway the man is handing something to the driver of the truck . two men talking by a large white truck a group of men wearing red hats are standing in front of a building posing for a picture . three men standing in front of an old truck
a rainy day with a convey of trucks waiting to unload . the man checks in the truck making sure all is correct . the truck driver and checker chat outside . a picture of the drivers and checkers . another truck waiting to be unloaded .
many cargo trucks driving on a rainy wet road . a man is speaking to the truck driver . a man driving a big truck talking to someone outside his window . a group of people , mostly wearing red baseball caps , pose in front of a building . three men standing in front of an orange truck .
the leaf was perfectly shaped . the pink was so bright on these flowers . the white flowers had a hint of pink to them . these flowers were shaped strangely , but pretty . i never saw a flower like this .
close up view of a small leaf still on the plant from which it grew . a close up of a pink flower outside several flowers and buds with a white and pink hue . the artificial lily pads on the pond made everything seem so real . many green leaves covering a body of water .
with all the plants coming back to life it was the perfect time to visit the botanical garden . the smallest pedals produced vivid colors . the white blossoms were so fragrant . in the water pond three new platforms had been added . the small waterlilies were doing quite well already .
a focused picture of a leaf with four edges . a large number of bright pink flower petals . lavender and white colored small flowers that have four petals [female] pads and artificially made lily pads for decoration floating in a pond . a bunch of pretty green lily pads floating atop the water .
nature is so beautiful at this time of year , all the leaves turn green . there are bright pink flowers that adorn the trees . the water flowers appear from the pond . this particular pond has huge water lillies that float on the water . there are many different types of vegetation growing in the water .
the leaf has begun to change it 's color . close up of a bush with small pink flower clusters purple and white flowers growing outdoors together . large and small lily pads are floating on the water . green leaves on the surface of a dark pond .
these men are hard workers and are trying their best to get ahead in life . they work on a car engine trying to get it to work correctly . the men dig and pick at the ground trying to get it flat . they also clean their guns and make sure they have ammunition . they are ready for whatever the day brings .
a foreign soldier taking notes in a class . the man is fixing something with a screw driver . 2 soldiers attempting to start a generator on wheels trio of local soldiers walking outside of building in rural area . a military squad is marching in formation .
the [male] signed the shipping receipt . they started to assemble the generator . final inspection of the generator . the [male] and his soldiers . they marched thru the town in a show of peaceful force .
black soldier in green uniform and beret looking ahead and taking notes a man using a screwdriver to fix a piece of equipment military personnel attending to small wheeled motorized cart with flat tire . three men in military uniform walking along the grass . the solders are all marching in line in the same direction .
field operations can be very stressful . it 's a lot different than office work . we are constantly dealing with equipment that breaks down a lot . we are out talking to the villagers and trying to help them . and yet there is still marching , lots and lots of marching !
soldier sitting at the table taking notes a serviceman of some type doing some mechanical work . the two police men are working on an engine . a couple of soldiers are walking around a building many black men marching in their military attire
the chapel area was very simple the bride and groom were very happy together and the marriage license was signed the music was nice and simple and her bouquet was very pretty
a man walking on a red carpet in an outdoor building set up for a wedding the couple is standing outside and smiling at the camera . a marriage cetificate that is signed by the couple a boy in a suit plays the guitar and sings a song the bouquet of flowers was arranged beautifully
today is the most important day of my life , being married to my significant other i decided to take a picture of the wedding site before everyone came and took their seats . the marriage certificate makes everything official however , it does n't hold much value to me . my family decided to visit my house after the ceremony and reception . everyone was too energetic and forgot about sleeping .
walking the aisle for wedding processional on the lake a young couple standing in front of a tree posing for a picture . a certificate for marriage is being signed by people a man with a guitar is performing a song a bouquet of flowers features white flowers and succulent greens .
i went to the wedding last week . it was on the lake . i brought all the necessary paperwork . the live band was very good . i bought many flowers for the couple .
a person that is getting ready for the ceremony . a man and a woman pose together , she in a black dress , he in a red tie . the lady that performed the wedding ceremony was a native american an entertainer performing music and singing at an event . an image of blue flowers in a vase
the people marched the street in memory of the man . the officials made their way through town to show their condolences . his funeral procession passed through the streets . solemnly , the people looked on . afterwards , the people chatted and visited .
a group of people walking together holding a picture . this was taken the day of the funeral for a very popular leader large group of people around a coffin at a funeral . a crowd of seems to be waiting for something . pastor discussing things with asian people over a wedding
the people gather round and display a picture . everyone faces forward and pays attention . the people all gather round and take a moment of silence . the onlookers look on solemnly . after the proceedings , the men stand around and chat .
men in dress hold a photo and a memorial plant in their hands toward a funeral . many men in suits are walking together at an event . a large group gathers to remember a friend at a funeral ceremony . group of asian men in suits and sunglasses . a man introducing 2 other men to eachother
many people gathered today to honor the memory of yao minh . among the many honored guests were numerous businessman . during the funeral many gave recounts of yao minh ' life . among the recounts was a moving speech given by [male] [female] . after the speeches were given everyone lined up to pay their last respects to his memory .
the people are standing outside with a picture of the person they are honoring . a group of men are walking together outside . a marriage ceremony with monks and other religious people watching . a black and white photo shows suited men standing . men wearing suits are talking to a priest .
our first meal together as a married couple was as beautiful as it was delicious . the roses they sent over were of the highest quality like the ingredients in their food . the personal touches like the unique cake designs made it even more special . we were on our way to married life in high class style . and this was literally the icing on the cake .
the couple is dressed for their wedding ceremony . the menu that displays all of the food that is on sale . a white dish with a small salmon filet . food on the plate looks like steak with sauce . a dessert that has berries on top of it .
the bride and groom looked so elegant on their wedding day . the program was professionally printed and i kept it as a memento . the fish entree at the wedding reception dinner had a tomato based sauce . i love steak , but the steak served at the wedding reception dinner was a bit too rare for me . the berries on top of the dessert torte were a perfect compliment to the vanilla layers .
they were ready to take their vows on the special day modern menu depicted in foreign language at table . some food is laying out on a white plate meat in an orange sauce with green leaves on tops on a white plate . the cake has raspberry , blueberry and strawberry that sit on top of it
the bride 's guests were ready to eat . the guests were able to choose what they want off the menu . some of the guests had choose fish . most of the guests had the meat . the dessert was delicious .
a groom stands next to his bride after the wedding . the fine restaurant menu features several fancy entrees . a piece of fish with some vegetables on a plate . the beef is sitting on some kind of sauce and is topped with garnish . a layered cake is topped with berries and whipped cream .
after a long winter , the weather has thawed , and the zoo animals are enjoying the outdoors . although ice remains on some surfaces , the lions took their chances on this slippery tree trunk . not all animals enjoyed the outdoors as some nocturnal creatures , like this monkey , would have rather stayed inside in the dark . the weather warmed up enough allowing even for the tropical flamingos to have a good time . despite the warmer weather , the number of human visitors at the zoo remained small today .
large tiger in an enclosed habitat on top of rocks two large lions play in the tree together this is an image of a black monkey . a pink flamingo drinks water at the edge of a lake . in a wooded enclosure , this animal is just moving along .
a group of people tours the zoo . first they come across a tiger . next a monkey looks at them quizzically . a giraffe runs through the field . a duck takes a bath in the water . finally as they are leaving they spot a flamingo .
the tiger is resting on rock in his habitat . a lion and lioness are in a chain link enclosure . they are both on a large log . they are in profile . the lion appears to have just jumped on the log with the lioness . a black monkey behind a metal fence , is staring straight into the camera . a pink flamingo 's image is mirrored in the water . a giraffe walks through an enclosure with high grass and trees , as it approaches a building .
our visit to the zoo was quite a huge treat . of course , we started with the tiger . right next to him was the lions . i love to watch them interact . the chimp watches us as much as we watch him . my daughter loves the flamingos . i always tell her about how they are pink from eating shrimp . my son 's favorite animal is the giraffe . i think it 's because he wants to be very tall someday !
a stripped tiger in a zoo with his tongue slightly visible . a lion crouches behind a lioness on a thick log . a single monkey looking back at the camera . flamingo standing on one leg drinking out of water . people gather around to see a giraffe inside his natural pen
the little girl played with the cone . i told my aunt and uncle to take a partner picture together . the venue was full of seats and people . the event began promptly . the cake was lovely and not very big but it was very tasty .
a little girl wearing overalls playing with a large orange traffic cone . a man and a woman taking a picture together a group of friends that are sitting next to each other . a wedding scene is photographed from behind , showing a white wedding dress . a wedding cake sits on a cheap tablecloth next to pig-themed trivets .
a woman was being walked down the aisle to meet her groom . she was so excited to say her vows and marry her husband . afterwards , the groom gave a toast . then , they cut their cake . they spend the rest of the night dancing .
a little girl in overalls plays happily with an orange safety cone . casually dressed couple smiling and looking at camera group of people sitting outside under cover in white chairs . people are about to exchange their wedding vows the bride and groom figurines are perched atop the cake .
a little girl is by a cone . this is a picture of a couple . this is a picture of the audience . a couple is getting married . this is a picture of a wedding cake .
a baby girl in overalls playing with an orange cone . a man with a rose on his shirt has his arm around a smiling woman . a group of people sit under a tent in white plastic chairs . back view of a bride and groom standing in front of a man . a wedding cake and a sheet cake sit on a table .
we all went hiking in the woods together . in the trunk of a tree , my friend drew a face . there were some rocks planted in the soil . there was also a yellow fungus growing on the outside of the tree . one of the women drank water because she was thirsty .
a group of hikers stop to pose for a picture . a log that has been carved with a knife . two large white rocks in mud and leaves . a strange orange matter on a tree a short haired woman drinking out of a red water bottle .
family goes out for a camping trip and then they see trees carved with different kind of stuff and bird eggs laying around , and also some type of orange splat of liquid and then they take a break and drink some water
a group of four people hiking in the woods on a leaf covered trail . huge tree log with a face carved on a couple of rocks set on top of a small pile of dirt there is a yellow soft looking thing growing on the tree bark . a woman is drinking out of a red container
we went on a hike yesterday . there were a lot of strange plants there . i had a great time . we drank a lot of water while we were hiking . the view was spectacular .
a group of people that are hiking up the trail . a face has been drawn on the tree trunk . this picture shows two rocks with a pinky white hue . the unusual yellow thing was on a brown tree stump . a woman pauses on the nature trail to take a drink from a metal bottle .
i love decorating for halloween . and i was thrilled that some of my friends were coming by to celebrate with me . we had some snacks and thought about how we wanted to decorate our pumpkins . we had a great time creating our pumpkins and putting them out on display . then we welcomed the first of our trick or treaters .
a house at night with lights wrapped around the porch . the costume party had all kind of characters people enjoy a halloween party in their costumes the pumpkins turned out nicely and very great looking . child dressed as spiderman for halloween trick or treating .
it was a spooky night in our neighborhood as everyone prepared for halloween festivities . our very best friends and neighbors arrived to help us get ready for the party and trick or treaters . after a quick snack we all got to work on pumpkin carving and decorations . the pumpkins came out amazing and we arranged them outside to greet the kids coming for candy . our first friend in costume arrived and it was superman . he was the first of many visitors that night !
the house is lit up with orange lights outside . a foursome dressed in costumes standing in front of the house . three people dressed in halloween costumes sit at the kitchen tabme . a bunch of jack o ' lanterns sit on a table and on the ground . a kid is dressed up in a costume
i invited all of my friends to my house for the halloween party . everyone dressed up . we all sat and had some coffee together . afterward we got started on the jack-o-lanterns . once it got dark there were some children asking for candy .
a house with christmas lights on the front porch . an image of people that are wearing costumes women in halloween costumes gather around the kitchen table . a large number of pumpkins are arranged on and next to a table . young child out trick or treating in a spiderman costume .
protesters marched holding a signed that read `` reclaim the streets . '' thousands of people gathered in the street for a good cause . a man carrying a chair attempted to make a bold but silent statement . the cop stood looking at the crowd to ensure a peaceful protest . the protesters marched the streets for hours .
the crowd is out on the street and two of the people are holding a sign for an event to reclaim the streets . a crowd of people are pushing bikes through the street the man is carrying a blue upholstered chair through the street . a police officer is standing outside of a restaurant while looking into the distance . a large group of people walking down the street together .
we attended the reclaim the streets rally in sf . lots of bicyclists showed up to support the cause . some folks took it even further and decided to move in . a few cops were around , but they were just observing and it was a peaceful protest . overall it was a great event and lots of people showed up to enjoy the day .
in the street trying to get their town back to normal . a crowd of people with bikes in a town with white buildings . a man walking down the street carrying a chair . an officer standing outside of a convenience store that serve hot cocoa . a large crowd of people walking along a street lined with palm trees and shops
the people protested with a big banner and there were many on bicycles . one man had a chair and the police could not believe it so they evacuated the streets .
people deomonstrate in the street with signs and banners . crowds of people on bikes in the street . a man walking down the street carrying a blue chair upside on his head . a cop standing in front of a building making sure it is safe . numerous people march down the street of a town .
[male] lost many friends in the war , and he was feeling particularly humbled at being asked to attend this meeting regarding the building of the monument . five weeks later at the ground breaking ceremony , [male] was the first to lift the dirt . a contractor showed him what the finished monument would look like , and [male] was thrilled by it 's beauty . a year later , [male] and his children visited the monument to find the names of his lost friends . they spent the remainder of the afternoon in the observation room , watching with delight as the crowd filed passed the new monument .
the celebratory dinner convenes as they listen to the man in the blue and black striped shirt speak . a group of people planting a large tree . a man holding a book and talking to various people three men standing in front of a wall with a flower wreath . a group of people are standing outside with trees in the background
the group gathered for the ceremony . they all helped plant the tree . they talked about future plans for the land . then they laid a ceremonial wreath . the area will be a great tribute when it is finished .
a bunch of people are sitting around a large table everyone helped plant a tree in order to show support . a male is holding a children 's book as onlookers gather around . three guys putting flowers by a tomb to respect the lives lost . a group of people overlook a wooded landscape .
the veterans memorial was a long and gruelling process to procure . details took weeks to settle for everything , from the size of american flag to fly , to the genus of tree to be planted . there was even a book written about it . but the day came to open the park , and it was all spectacular . the team could look out over there work and know they honored their servicemen well .
a group of jewish people looking at a man while he speaks . a tree is planted in dedication to a jewish and american ceremony . a man in a suit and jacket is holding a large book . three people carrying a wreath of flowers that are yellow these people think they are really important but they are not .
thousands of people went to the ball game . the show before the game was extremely entertaining . i was anxious for the game to start though . i had a lot of money riding on the final score . thankfully , my team won , and i did too !
a large stadium is packed full of people . three mascots are standing on a baseball field . a woman at a baseball game with a concerned look the scoreboard is showing the score of the game a baseball team congratulating each other on a job well done
mascot meeting before the game . everyone picked the player they thought would do the best . the pitcher was voted the number one . he got ready to throw the ball . then stopped and changed his mind .
a huge crowd filled with red and white colors are seated in an outdoor stadium . the mascots are gathering on the grass field lady watching a sporting event with a worried look on her face the scoreboard at [location] [location] shows the score of a game between [location] [location] and [location] . a group of baseball players are walking by giving high fives to each other .
the barbecue cookout was lots of fun . it was at a really popular fishing spot . this truck had tons of advertisements on it . there was plenty of buns to go around . the corn barbecuing was the best part .
a crowd of people in a stadium during a baseball game . several [organization] [organization] mascots entertaining fans on the field at a baseball game . a woman looks on while at a baseball game [location] [location] scoreboard next to a green field . a group of baseball players are high fiving each other
[male] got hungry so he grabbed a box of eggos [male] also got thirsty so he poured himself a cup to drink [male] went to the store to look at something to drink [male] poured the syrup on his eggos [male] finally took a bite to eat of his eggos
a person holding a package of kellogg 's eggo waffles fresh scotch is being poured `` on the rocks '' in a whiskey glass on the kitchen counter . a display of alcohol drinks in different types of bottles . a blurry picture of a yellow liquid being poured onto a waffle on a pink plate . a young shirtless man puts food in his mouth with a fork .
these waffles look like a great choice for breakfast . oh no ! the only syrup i have seems to have a bad cork so i 'll need a fresh bottle . luckily , there is a shop just down the road from my apartment . they have a wonderful selections of syrups to choose from . now i can enjoy my breakfast waffles with fresh syrup .
a person that is holding up an eggo box . syrup is poured from a bottle over butter in a cup there was a vast array of alcohols and more available at the store . pouring syrup on a buttered waffle close up . a man is using a fork in order to eat food .
i could not believe we found eggos on our trip . we were able to find maple syrup too . most of the stuff was kind of hidden at the store . yes we had waffles for dinner . my brother could not wait to eat .
a person is holding a box of eggo waffles . syrup is being poured into a bowl over ice cream . a collection of snacks and alcohol that are on sale . some syrup is being poured onto a waffle . the man is eating food off of a fork .
while at the park i stood in front of a sign that said beware of alligators and snakes . standing in front of the of the home to show off our newly cut grass and polished exterior on our home . deer heads on the wall are a collection made to show off my love of hunting . the family standing in back of the wooden balcony happily enjoying vacation time . the husband and wife are standing in between a tree they find amusing because of its shape .
young man kneeling next to posted warning sign . a woman in a blue dress stands outside an old fashioned home with a large porch and balcony . a wall full of wonderful trophies of different species an adult and two children look over the side of an elevated deck that may be in a tree . a man and woman standing within a very large tree trunk area .
re-enactors show their costumes at a local homestead . they have livestock just like real homesteaders did ! the house is an old restored cabin from the 19th century . they also display cattle roping talents like the cowboys did in the days of old . but this young girl is more interested in climbing trees than roping cattle .
a man looking sarcastically afraid crouching near a sign the woman in the blue dress is standing in front of the fence and the house . a large amount of deer heads are on display in a showroom . low angle view of a man and kids on a balcony . a man and woman pose in the crook of a large tree .
the family went and visited an old ranch in the south . they saw animals on the ranch that the ranchers take care of . the ranchers lived in small houses and they even got to go inside a big plantation home . the ranchers showed off their talents at cattle roping . the little girl even got to climb a big oak tree .
the sign states to beware of alligators and snakes . proud of her home , the woman made sure the lawn was well taken care of . a wall full of dear heads adorn a room people are leaning over the ledge of a wooden fence the couple is posing in between the two large tree trunks .
everyone filed in to the glass-covered auditorium to see the presentation . numerous guests spoke about topics of interest to the crowd . people sat in rapt attention as they listened to the speakers . after the presentation was over , a few remained to talk to the speakers . everyone enjoyed food , drinks , and conversation to end the night .
the rear view of a couple of dozen people mostly seated in auditorium seating facing a lighted easel with writing and overhead is a lattice work of metal bars and rods opening to the sky . a dark-haired handsome man in a suit and pink shirt sits in front of a sign labeled `` big ideas '' . a man wearing glasses and business attire is seated in front of a microphone . the dress rehearsal was going well when she left a man holds piece of brown food on a stick .
we waited as the theatre filled . the first speaker was the vice president of the company . the keynote speaker was a developer of an important software we are using . they served food during the event . after the speeches we spent time socializing , then went home .
group of people sitting in an indoor venue . a foreign man sits in front of the poster and microphone in front of him . a man is sitting in from of an audience with a small microphone in front of him some people in front of a stage at an event hall a piece of meat is held on a tiny plastic fork .
the conference was held in big open place . several speakers participated . they took their time and answered patiently all questions . it got too late and people were in hurry to get home . the conference was pretty long , but they served nice food during the break .
the man joins his party and prepares to take a seat a man sitting in a chair in front of a microphone . speaker at conference listens to audience member 's question . a group of people in a theater with a ferris wheel visible through the window . an extreme close-up of a piece of food on a fork .
the newsman showed how bad the garbage has gotten at the bottom of the village . the garbage is all the way down to the ditch in front of the buildings . animals will find their way to the garbage to eat it . it is beginning to blend in with the water . it makes a sad and gross picture as the hotel is the backdrop .
a large pile of garbage in a country area . an old building of st martha pre school a deer is looking through litter outside for food . a river bed with barely any water in it . a large pile of trash outside of a couple apartment buildings
there are many families struggling to survive in this environment everyday . people loot through the garbage that is found on the streets in hopes that they may find something useful or edible . many of the children have to take care of each other . some of them are very sad because of the conditions . everyday they have to struggle to survive just to make it to the next one .
the area is covered with a pile of trash . a collection of debris that is in front of the school . an animal searching through trash looking for food . this photo is a nature scene of a small river with rocks . the trash was in a considerable pile in the middle of the complex .
i went to hati to help rebuild after the earthquake . i did n't realize how bad of shape it was until i got there . i met a nice family while working with the locals . ru and [male] , the families youngest were so sweet . and the father [male] helped me rebuild the homes .
a natural scene of a grassy region with a little building in the background with a [location] with trash on both sides garbage fills the river in front of many decaying buildings . a goat eating garbage off the ground in the dirt . the water is pooling in the debris under the bridge . rubble are rubbish in front of a condominium setting
all over the world people protest as a way to get their message out no matter how wrong or hateful it may be . here is an older poster of people protesting the g8 summit and they are calling to an end to corporate power . here is another poster where people somewhere in the world are protesting the dropping of bombs as a solution . in still another part of the world trade [male] signs are being seen like in this picture . the lists of groups and places protesting is endless from location to location location and all across the globe it will never end as long as people are not happy with the situation they are in .
people gathered to protest their dislike of former president [male] w. bush the poster features a british prime minister and gw bush as it protests the g8 platform for global power . a sign says bread not bombs on paper a protest in which people are waving large pride flags with `` peace '' written on them . a sign is being held by individuals in a parade .
this is a sign of a socialist . this is a sign of the g8 summit . this is a picture of a sign . this is a picture of a protest . this is a picture of a socialist movement .
a scene from a rally against a former president . a sign , similar to propaganda , criticizes corporate power and g8 world leaders a paper sign with bent corners that reads `` bread not bombs '' . a group is holding signs and flags at a rally . people at a rally holding up a campaign sign for scottish republican socialist movement .
my friend kept pulling on her ears making faces . we had a lot of food for everyone that night . everyone kept kissing my friend . we played a drinking game . we finished all the beer .
at a protest gathering there is a large crowd of people . someone is holding a poster of [male] bush that describes him as the world 's # 1 terrorist . someone else is holding a black sign with a white ribbon wrapped around it . a black and white flier about ending corporate power . the sign being held up is for a protester . a bunch of people are protesting in the streets a banner for [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] is displayed .
game night was upon us and we prepared a feast for our guests before playing , we all ate the potluck and had wonderful conversation . we settled into the table and ate before [male] said `` let 's start playing ! '' the women formed a team in the first game . they won against the guys team on the other side of the table .
a table is set for a big party a large group of people gather for dinner the table is full of family and friends the family had to read the directions while playing the board game . some young people are playing a board game .
the thanksgiving table was beautiful . everyone was there to celebrate . it was very loud . after dinner we played some board games . the children had a great time .
a large table is set with plates and lit candles . people are standing around a table set for a grand feast . a large gathering of people around a table full of drinks and food . the family is playing a board game at the table a few children and a few adults are playing a board game around a white table .
all our family was over for thanksgiving . the room was crowded as everyone found their place to sit . it was nice to catch up . after we set up a board game . the kids had a blast playing .
the table is set up for dinner for a group of people to eat . a thanksgiving table set for a large group . a family sitting at a table posing for a photo people sitting around a board game on a table . a family enjoys a board game night together .
two guys , [male] and [female] ( guy 's version of the name ) decided to throw a gold party . they set up one entire table for the whole event . hundreds of people showed up for the event . people got to play golf . everyone eventually had to wear hats because the sun was out of control that day .
a table is set up at the top of the stairs with signup sheets for an activity . 2 men wearing black shirts laughing and smiling the green sign is dedicated to the sponsor . a man at a driving range at the end of his swing . the couple is standing in front of a golf course .
setting up for the golf tourney . there was no way i was going to believe the stories these two guys were telling . these signs were everywhere , with all different sponsors . the golf swing workshop was very successful . it was definitely worth the money .
a sign in table for some type of gathering . two men are standing with each other and laughing . the [organization] [organization] sign demonstrates that they sponsor a golf tournament . man is practicing golf in the outdoors and has access to a multitude of yellow golf balls a couple poses for a photo in front of some palm trees .
the two brothers decided to go golfing . they found the sign up table . there were a lot of other people wanting to golf to . the first brother took a swing . then the other brother took his turn .
sports memorabilia , graduation caps and other materials are arranged on a table . a pair of men laughing and joking around in a hallway . a green sign with a company logo stands near a hole . a man in short pants is standing in a field practicing golf shots . young couple pose while standing outdoor near open area .
[male] insisted on going to the museum this month . the reason was because it was having a photo exhibit of the civil rights movement . he took his time examining each photo . all of them were pristine in black and white themes . before he left he made sure to check the upcoming programs so he would know when to come back .
a man sits on his scooter reading at an art gallery . a photo exhibit sign for the march on [location] . a man stands and looks at three black and white phots placed on a wall . a picture of the `` million man march '' hangs on the wall . a bulletin board that shows some upcoming programs .
i visited a museum today . they had an exhibit on civil rights . the sign said it was from the march on location location . a man was standing in my way , so i waited till he was looking . once he moved , i walked over to see all of the historic black and white photographs , depicting civil rights marchers . it was quite interesting ! there was a sign that mentioned there being more to come at a future date .
a man in a motorized scooter chair at an art exhibit a sign showing information on a march on [location] photo exhibit . a man with a shoulder satchel stops to look at a photo exhibit . a black and white photo of african american students . a billboard in a hallway with the sign 'upcoming programs ' on the corkboard .
there were many photos at the exhibit . the lady was looking at them and saw many people in them before looking at the upcoming program .
a man riding a scooter in front of an art exhibition of paintings a sign that is giving information about the washing photo exhibit . the man is looking at the pictures that are on the wall . a framed black and white photograph of a group of young black men . a bulletin board advertises and describes upcoming programs .
we went to a fabulous flea market with all kinds of treasures . the flea market was filled with interesting items galore . nearby , the organization organization was a quaint and beautiful place . this old building was also beautiful and looked like it had many secrets . we also ate a wonderful breakfast of sausage , eggs and other wonderful foods .
a flea market booth displays various little knick knacks for purchase . antique music players in a shop in a flea market the exterior of a black and white building named the bull inn . a big white brick building with a gray roof on it a full english breakfast , complete with baked beans , fills this plate .
when traveling around the flea market can be a great tourist attraction . you find all kinds of old items you have never even seen before . flea markets can often be surrounded by other buildings that draw attention . even old buildings with tall tales can draw attention when traveling . and what better way then to start a day then to sit back at fine restaurants and eat a hearty breakfast .
the random collection of items is advertising what is being sold . photo lof various electronic devices labeled flea market a building labelled 'the bull inn ' . it is white . a building stands in front of a grassy hill . a nice breakfast is cooked , and getting ready to be eaten .
went on vacation and found a great flea market . while on vacation we found much shopping in the way of flea markets . we had lunch at this pub to rest our feet after shopping . what a lovely b & b we are staying in , we found another pub close by an had this lovely dinner .
a collection of miscellaneous items including video game consoles , 1970s wall art , wicker furniture and lamps , labeled `` flea market . '' a bunch of old electronics are displayed at a flea market . the corner of a white english style inn overlooking a street . an older white stone building surrounded by vegetation . a breakfast plate wiht eggs , sausages , potatoes , toast , beans , and bacon .
i had a wonderful day with my family . we went out in the town . it was so much fun . at night i went out to the club with my friends . we danced all night long
a red bus is in front of a building with a tall steeple . a scene containing many buildings with a couple cranes . a modern looking building with balconies sits on a street . some tall buildings in a city that are lit up as the sun goes down . an image of night life in a big city
surely a [male] catholic church with that architecture . this view is n't all that attractive . the world is winding down as the sun departs over the horizon . as evening begins to creep closer , the city begins to look even better . there 's always construction of new , modern buildings going on .
the church is looking good in the sun city buildings and skyscrapers dot the landscape on a clear sunny day . a well-windowed building is poorly lit at night . a view of tall buildings from street level . a gothic cathedral standing next to several modern skyscrapers under construction .
as the sun was setting yesterday i knew i was really far from the restaurant . i was n't entirely sure where it was but i decided to walk around and see if i could find it . it began to get very dark . once it was night time it made it a lot harder to see . i gave up trying to find the restaurant and went home instead .
a red double-decker bus in front of a church with a steeple . cranes extend over a few buildings in an urban industrial part of town . a streetlight shines in front of a city building . the city looked great at night and the architecture really shined . a nice skyline at dusk showing progress through construction cranes .
matza balls are cooking in preparation for the jewish celebration . some type of green bean vegetables are a compliment . some delicious meat will compliment the other foods . in honor of the jewish event we have a star of david garnish art . the girl has made a passover pillow to honor the traditions .
a pot of soup in on the stove boiling . a group of vegetables that are placed inside of a bowl . chopped meat on a plate on a counter . this jewish meal looks very delicious to eat . a young girl holding a pillow up that has different drawings on the pillow case
we are making an asian meal today , first we cook the greens then we cook the pork . after we make a desing for the plates then we get to wat our meals
a pot full of boiled carrots and dumplings . green beans are on the burner inside a silver pot . the plate on the counter is filled with chopped beef . the food on the table is for some type of experiment she showed off the pillow she had been drawing on
cook up some location balls for soup . cook some green beans . cook some kosher meat . put all of the dishes together for a delightful passover meal . celebrate passover with loved ones .
a silver pot with yellow soup and food stewing in it . someone is about to cook a lot of [organization] [organization] . pile of cooked beef on a white plate . a cake that has been decorated by a religious group . young girl holding a passover pillow that she decorated .
the students awaited anxiously as the parents and guests arrived for the open house . the stage was decorated for the event with a floral spring theme . all the children did recitations from memory . a small art exhibit was displayed outside showcasing the student 's work . best friends forever after the big day !
a room with lots of young children participating a set up for a school play with flowers everywhere . middle-school age children stand up to speak out loud . the artistic tiles feature several different interesting designs . the two girls are happy for the picture .
today [female] did a play for the school ! she did really well ! afterwards she and her friends went and had a blast around town ! they were doing silly things all day . [female] was reading the reviews . apparently a producer wants her to star in a film ! she is the happiest she could be ! [female] was a little jealous though .
a group of children sitting on blue chairs an elementary school play stage , with rows of chairs in the foreground a group of young school aged children performing together small blocks , placed on the steps . children probably made them . a couple of girls are out in a park
my school play is today ! i am so excited to perform . our stage was amazing ! we all helped to make it beautiful for our show . we got so much applause and it made us feel so proud . we each painted a brick in the schoolyard to show our creativity . the day was great and the food and sweets www spectacular !
children are mostly seated in a room near bathrooms and some adults . the stage is decorated with paper flowers in pots and a rainbow mural in back . a group of children are singing at a function . several colorful tiles painted and attached to the curb two girls pose together at an outdoor party .
man i 'm so hungry . let 's get some food . haha dude we 're sooo high . let 's get some soup for some food . ! ca n't forget alcohol . better turn up today ! time to check out the food .
an aerial shot of a grocery store , the cashiers are dressed in maroon shirts with blue collars , 3 customers wait in line . a large man who is laughing has his hand on a smaller guy 's shoulder . two different types of soup are set beside each other an isle of refrigerated domestic beers in a grocery store . a lady in blue working in a grocery store pharmacy .
i had to go to the grocery store yesterday to buy some food . they had a lot of items on the shelves . i had a great time laughing with the employees . it was all very cheap . afterward i went to buy some beer .
a group of people that are next to each other . a person with glasses is smiling next to a man wearing a blue tie . a supermarket shelve that has cans of tomato soup on it . different beers fill a cooler aisle in a store , an employee at a store prepares her work station .
i work at a grocery store , some may think it 's lame but i love my job . i do n't have to waste my time making extra trips after work to go shopping because i can get everything i need from work . my boss is great and makes me laugh . the store even carries my favorite brand of soup , and look at that price , what a deal ! after a long day of dealing with customers , this tends to be the isle i visit for a nice relaxing evening at home .
a picture from above of a grocery store . two people are all smiles posing in front of a computer . tomato soup cans that are on sale for 99 cents . the beer aisle of a local convenience store . a woman stands at the register behind the counter of a store .
the girl is getting ready for her graduation . during the commencement , she was so excited . she waited for her name to be called for her diploma . at the end of the ceremony , everyone threw their hats up in the air . finally she is done with school and she is so happy .
a girl that is opening a box of gifts and foods . 2 women , one holding a bouquet of flowers and small teddy bear young lady dressed in brown graduation outfit a close up picture of graduates standing during the ceremony . two people embracing each other at a graduation
i have a sister named [female] . i recently went to visit her . [female] was graduating from college . her graduating class was quite large . she made many friends there and was sad to say goodbye .
a woman with medium length hair sitting in a chair with several items in her hands . two smiling woman pose with flowers at a commencement ceremony . a woman wearing a graduation gallon smiling for pictures high school students and staff at graduation two friends embracing after they had graduation together .
the day began nice and relaxed , just hanging out on the couch . but that would n't last long . it was graduation day . she was thrilled to walk across that stage . the other students were as well . she and her friends could n't have been any happier .
woman in a green shirt holding a book or something an image of two women smiling at the camera a graduate with a brown robe and white stole waves at people in the audiance . three women with bare heads are by several people wearing graduation outfits . a young lady in cap and gown hugging another .
today we are celebrating are love for each other , so we went out to eat . the couple was goofing off but was so happy . this couple is just too in love but are really cute together . we moved to the other side to hang out and drink a little bit . finally back home with my mom . we had fun .
a large group in a restaurant smiling and laughing , some members of the group are balancing straws on their lips . two young men with one almost kissing the other . two girls are laughing and rubbing noses at night . adults are sitting around relaxing and drinking beer . a man and woman sit on a couch together
today [female] and [female] celebrated their engagement . all their friends and family members attended . they went to a nice restaurant where [female] and [female] first met . it was a little awkward at first but after a few drinks the table became lively . the entire restaurant could hear how much of a good time they were having .
a group is at happy hour in a darkened bar . studious looking blond guy bracing himself for an unwanted kiss by his male friend . the two women are kissing and touching noses . the family gathers in the living room to chat and relax with a drink . a couple is sitting on a couch looking at stretchy objects .
it was going to be a bad night . some no brain thought it was going to be a good idea to play truth and dare in a restaurant . dont know why they thought this was going to be a good idea . after a bit most of the group split up and got their own table . me and charlie just went home .
the people are enjoying their time in the restaurant . he was so excited to see his friend after so many years . the woman kiss each other for the camera the group is sitting around the lounge drinking . we are playing some crazy game with balloons .
the pair went out on a hike . he stopped to take a picture of a bug on the ground . they took a picture of the hill in the background . they signed the guest book at the cottage . they took a picture of the cottage in the distance .
taking a hike and enjoying the view of the water . a man in hiking gear bends to take a picture a tree gnarls around dead grass at a park . a woman in a wooded area standing behind a rock a woman looking at the camera reading a book
me and my dad are both ecologists and we always go on trips together . when documenting shrub growth you need a strong attention to detail . some of these trees are hundreds of years old . my dad says i am always taking it too easy . after a long day out we had to log our findings .
a man and a woman standing in the grass along a body of water . he is trying to film the gopher coming out of the hole the tree has many large trunks and roots . a lady in a red shirt and fishing hat leaning on a rock in the woods . girl wearing a backpack looking through a book
a couple went out to research local flora . the husband took pictures of different plants . these trees were his favorite . the wife enjoyed these flowers growing out of two rocks . they recorded their findings when they returned home .
a man looks out to the lake and trees next to a woman looking elsewhere , and there are backpacks with them . adult man with back pack takes photo of object on ground . a twisted tree is void of greenry or bark and has many trunks . woman posing behind a rock with some yellow flowers and woods . a woman wearing a backpack has her hand in a book smiling while smiling .
this is a picture of a castle . this is a picture of ruins . this is a picture of houses . this is a picture of the outdoors . this is a picture of a building .
a medieval castle sits upon a big hill . the entrance to a cavern looking area with columns and gates . a neighborhood resides in a green rocky valley . massive house , on a hill , surrounded by beautiful greenery . the side of a large rock formation with a building built into it .
our first to location . this was the place we stayed at . this was the site from our place . we got to travel down this hil . then we had to hike up the hill again
a white castle sits atop a green hillside that has other buildings below . the structure is closed in with a fence . an image of a series of houses that are near a mountain a mountain view picture of houses in the country side . a building juts out of a rock formation that has bushes growing out of it .
this castle was the whole reason we came to this town . the `` secret '' entrance to the caves below the castle . a picturesque , traditional town , view from the castle ramparts . sure glad we do n't have to scale those cliffs under archery fire .
a large castle with a gradual incline on a hill . entrance to dark cave surrounded by fence an overview of a line of houses with red roofs the buildings are located near a gren planted forest a stone cliffside with sporatic greenery and a building .
the bride and groom walked back down the aisle as husband and wife and headed out to the reception . the bride was cold at the reception , so the groom sweetly gave her his jacket . everyone danced and did the traditional dance with the bride and groom . and they made sure to snap lots of pictures so that they could always look back on this day fondly .
a jewish wedding , where the bride is wearing a white dress and veil . a man and a woman in formal clothes are in a room . anf the manis helping the woman with her coat . a man and woman dance together in formal attire . a bunch of people holding up a bride and groom in chairs . family surrounding a bride and groom on their wedding day .
the big day had finally arrived for [male] and tom.. they said their vows and exchanged rings . before family and friends , they became husband and wife . the reception hall was decorated beautifully . [male] spared no expense . what a beautiful family portrait on [male] and [male] 's big day .
the bride and groom are standing beside each other under a canopy while onlookers watch we were a couple of the night just having lots of fun the woman is leaning into the older gentleman . a man and woman standing side by side holding their hands up into the air a bride and groom are taking pictures with their family .
the ceremony was over . the guests were all ready to dance . the parents of the bride and groom danced together . and the bride and groom danced as well . the final act of the evening was a group photo commemorate the wedding .
two people that are getting ready to marry . the woman is wearing a coat and a tiara a woman whispers into her husband & # 39 ; s ear while they dance . this is a picture of a wedding that is jewish a family taking a photo after a wedding .
the buildings are lit of beautifully at night . i think there is something burning way up in the tower . just look at the scenery in the night time lights ! and here you can see the lights reflecting on the water . this building looks really tall because of the angle it was taken .
a view down a steep alley through an old village . by night the tower sets off the darkness with a glow a building has a balcony area lighted up for people who are there people walking at night in front of a lighted up building , a perspective view of a decorative castle and walls from the ground .
i went on vacation last weekend . the city was beautiful at night . i had a great time walking around . i enjoyed all of the sights . the buildings were very beautiful .
calm night at the village with beautiful buildings and streets . the lighting at night invites for a long walk through the streets of the city . the top of a lit up structure , black against a dark blue sky the castle is lit up in the dark a lit up large building at night with people walking past . a view from the ground upwards of a castle style building .
i wanted to take some pictures of the area against the darkening sky . i was able to get out before the sunlight was completely gone and caught this picture of the church . here is one from further back . you can see this palace and it 's strobe lights with people in the court area . here is a different view looking up standing very close to the building .
an lit up alley way between two old buildings . a lighthouse light up at night with a circular middle . the castle is dark but the surrounding buildings are lit . a scenery at night where people are walking next to a building . gothic achitecture is profound and has a strong presence .
i ten bars at a local pub . today being father 's day , we tried to come up with some sign ideas that would attract customers . first we tried one that touted a specific beer , but we figured that might not catch the attention of everyone . so we tried a more straightforward approach , but that seemed too straightforward ! so we tried the first choice , but with some fluff . it turned out okay .
a tall glass of beer sits on a wooden table . an advertising sign made from a blackboard and white chalk . father 's day is written across some sort of board or window . a white border around a chalkboard sign listing a bar 's specials . a sign that is commemorating the day of father 's day .
it was father 's day . there is nothing my dad likes more than food and beer . so i search for the best deal i could find to get him what he wanted . we ended up at a small bar that was running a great food special . we set and talked and drink beer together , it was a great time .
a class of beer sits on a wooden table . the sign states that papa gets a free pint of [location] [location] . a photograph of a sign that says , `` father 's day '' . photo of chalk board advertising featured items for consumption . a fathers day card in the shape of a beer
the alcohol looked very good and a board was saying it is free for father 's day . the deals were good to honor all the father 's on that day .
a beer with the logo of a company on the glass . a sign handwritten in white chalk on a dark surface . a sign for father 's day , written in white letters on a brown background . the polariod of the menu showing an offer of a free pint a nice happy fathers day card to give to dads .
i decided today would be the day i was going to conquer my fear of roller coasters and go on the mantis . i thought reading all the safety checks would help ease my fear but it did n't . this is no ordinary coaster , here you can see where it loops around upside down . this is the scariest part , you go straight up then free fall down backwards . this is the bush i threw up in after i got off the coaster , and no i did n't conquer my fear .
the mantis roller coaster has at least one steep drop . in this image there is a safety guide a rollercoaster track with an upside down loop . roller coaster going up and down very fast . leaves are green with red middles in the sun
riders enjoying the day at location location . reviewing the safety guide at the park . what an amazing water slide at the park . a very odd roller coaster in the park . foliage on the grounds of the park .
the name of the roller coaster is displayed for individuals to see . this safety guide lists all the rules and regulations for a ride called the top thrill dragster . a green and blue amusement park ride is shown during the daytime . a yellow roller coaster that is vertical a close-up shot of bright red and green leaves .
we decided to go to the amusement part for the day . the kids were able to pass the regulations and go on the rides . some of the rides were very loopy . or even downright scary . and littering the ground , all over the park , were these strange-looking plants .
the rollercoaster was made to resemble a praying mantis a safety pamphlet for the use of a dragster . a large roller coaster with loops painted green and blue group of people riding a roller coaster going vertically into the air the bright green leaves and red coloring towards the center .
you could see for miles around . dust kicked up on the road by the cliff side . lot 's of dust blew up near the fence . the car sat parked by itself next to the road . the water crashed against the cliffs .
a road in the desert with a mountain in the background . a black car is pulled off of a quiet road . a roadside clearing provides a safe and scenic spot to take in the view . a shadow of a cloud passes over a hill covered in trees . the waves are crashing against the rock structure .
i decided to explore the beautiful coastline in location by taking a drive . after driving for 45 minutes i found a nice spot to pull over and enjoy the view . i pulled over into the spot . i was the only one there ! i looked out of the drivers side window and saw this beautiful view . i got out of the car and looked over the edge down over the rocky outcroppings and to the ocean below .
an open road set in a rolling , hilly landscape . a black car turning in the middle of the road . a gray car parked on the side of a winding road on a hill by the ocean . the mountains are not very tall , but have many trees . rough waves beating against a large rock cliff .
we headed into the mountains to tour the beautiful landscape . it was absolutely amazing and breathtaking . there were rustic fences alongside the edge to act as guardrails . we pulled the car over at one scenic overlook . the waves crashing against the rocks were captivating .
the clouds were low enough that they were casting shadows on the plains black sedan car on the road near green trees . vehicle parked on roadside area with view of ocean in background . large valley area seen beyond forested trees in daytime . tall rocks with waves splashing up into a crevice .
a group of friends are getting together for a few drinks . they all get caught up on old times and tell stories . then they go down to the water and out on a pontoon boat . after that they sit and wait for sunset . then after dark they have a few more drinks and a couple more laughs .
three people sitting in front of a building drinking two young men sitting in chairs on a porch . the two men move toward the big boat with their little boat . two people relax together in a two seated glider a man looks at the camera while sitting between two women on a black couch outdoors .
this is my brother [male] at our family reunion . he brought his wife with him . they got into an argument and she began to avoid him . she spent most of the time with my parents . she also spent some time with my other brother [male] .
a man with glasses that is next to the woman . young men chilling on the patio on a hot day a couple of people are in a green small boat she looks quite annoyed at her life and he is tired of her group of young people sitting on benches outdoors .
a young man is planning a party this weekend for him and his friends . he invited his friends to his lake house for the weekend . they all went out on the lake with a paddle boat , taking turns . once it was getting late , they just hung around the dock and watched the sunset . it was a great night , with friends , the water , and plenty of games .
a woman and a man both looking up to the right two guys sitting on a porch in the shade . two men in a paddle boat going toward a docked pontoon boat . two people relaxing in a glider outside their home . 3 people are sitting on a porch couch having drinks
the trains roared by as we waited for our ride . when we arrived to the city , the weather was wonderful . we got to visit many historical buildings . we stopped at a produce stand along the way . at the end of the day , we visited the shops .
a large building looks prominent behind the town green a white church sits nestled against a bank of trees . a large group of orange pumpkins are lined up a famous building that is huge and looks old . a clock that is on display on the walls .
i rode the train in to the city one fall day . the town was dressed for fall , with crisp air and changing tree colors . the cathedral at the heart of the town looked especially lovely in the light . a vendor had a bunch of pumpkins out for sale , which i admired . i walked through the streets and admired the architecture and decorations .
a plaza at the bottom of stairs with trees and grass a two story white church located near trees . a bunch of pumpkins are sitting in a row an old building with a bell tower on top . a city shows the signs of its stores to people .
this is where everyone met up for the fall halloween tour . our first stop was an old church . next , we got to buy our own pumpkins to carve . our last stop was the giant mansion . we did n't see a ghost , but maybe next time . after the tour , we went out for coffee .
a picture of a city skyline is taken from far away . this chapel in the country has a side entrance to the second floor as well as one in the front to the main floor . several large pumpkins displayed at a pumpin patch . the facade of an old multi-storied stone building with an aged copper roof . the outside of the building has a clock hanging from it .
for me , a walk through an art museum is better than a movie . this painting took to to the beach in my mind . here , i was transported into a long ago horse show . i may never go back in time to an ancient native american village , but i can go using the painting in my mind ! or i can walk on the long ago streets of location . i can imagine my lover has just presented me with this vase full of zinnias . my mind gets to go everywhere in a day .
a framed painting of some soldiers escorting a horse drawn carriage . a framed painting of people in a restaurant . the artist captures the intensity of his subject in this sketch . a painting in a frame of a number of kitchen items . this is a picture of a painting of red flowers in a vase .
we went to a museum last week and took pictures of lots of paintings . our goal was to get design ideas for our new apartment . we liked contrasting colors . interesting sceneries were also part of it . we ended up loving this painting and asked them to buy it , but one million dollars was out of our budget .
a painting is in a white frame and depicts people and carriages . a painting depicting a restaurant scene with people sitting at nearly all tables and waiters cleaning the remainder . the sketch is hanging on the white wall . a painting of various foods and flowers and pots painting of red flowers in an antique frame
i went to the museum today to check out some paintings . i saw this really interesting painting of the last meal . [male] rivera even had some of his early sketches in the collection . i was really inspired by a painting of sculptures , it was so realistic . i bought a print of my favorite painting of flowers from the gift shop .
a picture of men in hats near carriages . a painting depicts a busy restaurant while the waiters clean the tables . a drawing of a man that is painted on a page . close up of a still life painting depicting various objects on a table . painting of red flowers inside a black vase that is also sitting inside of a white bowl .
the seafood market is a very popular place to location . they have mountains of seafood . the fish are all fresh and caught that day . many people come for miles around to get the fresh seafood . outside , children are usually wandering around the food stalls eating sweets .
a gathering of people trying to maneuver their way through the crowd at the line of concession stands and food stands lining the walkway . the woman is working in her restaurant 's kitchen . a market of fresh fish sitting on ice in blue buckets . a group of people that are inside of a fish market . a kid is holding a toy at the market .
visiting a local flea market for the fish . see all the many types of noodles they have . i 'm in heaven . i 'll pass on the fish , it does n't look very good today plus i prefer a nice lobster . trying to sell some fish to the locals , telling them how fresh it is . this was a cute little boy who wanted to help me find a seat .
a group of people walking throught the market an asian woman stands in front of mounds of noodles . blue baskets filled with ice and many types of fish . a woman with gloves on is talking to bystanders at a market . a young boy stands outside in front of a street vendor .
we saw a lot of busy streets on our trip to the location . the fish market was bustling . there were many different types of fish to choose from . the customers deliberated to get the best deal . this little boy is not used to seeing tourists pass by .
the crowd is walking in between the open air shops . a woman that is selling noodles in her shop . fish sit in blue baskets atop a bed of ice . people converged at a seafood market looking to buy various fish . a little kid that is holding onto his favorite toy .
[female] was excited for the picnic today , but nobody showed up ! she walked around the premises , but still she saw nobody . she was livid , but there was nothing she could do , so she picnicked alone .
a person is standing with a pillar outside a picnic table outside of a spanish type dwelling . a colonnaded series of arches looks out over a courtyard . clumps of little purple flowers in a garden . a woman is standing outside a garden holding a leaf .
she volunteered to work in the campus garden . it was starting to look better with each passing day . she hoped to get large potted plants to put in each arch . the flowers she had planted were doing exceptionally well . for her , it was a labor of love .
a woman leans on a pillar as she looks at the park . a outdoor area has a bench and many flowers in it . a sunny day visible through a series of archways made of stone or marble some green weeds are growing in the midst of purple flowers . a woman is taking a stroll through a fragrance garden at a local town park .
[female] leaned against a column and surveyed the yard of her new house . the grounds were immaculately kept . the breezeway provided a much needed respite from the sun . [female] planted beautiful herbs and was able to have them anytime she wanted . she could not have been prouder of her new home .
a lady leaning against a very fat column near a backyard garden a picnic table stands empty in front the arched building . the tiled floor has a black shadow large plants are green and purple in the dirty a woman is standing next to fields of vegetables
we arrived at the house and it was resplendent in spookiness . we mingled and took pictures of the scenery . a wraith floated with its white gown . we posed in the lighting and made memories . we left the spooky house eventually , but it was great halloween fun !
the outside of a halloween decorated house at night . costumed people are in a graveyard scene at night . a ghostly effigy on a house wall at night . people in monster costumes stand among halloween decorations . the [organization] is parked outside of the decorated house .
[male] and [male] were trying to be really spooky this halloween . they cut some nice looking jack-o-lanterns earlier in the wek . they even got a big dead mannequin and coffin for their porch . they borrowed [female] 's frankenstien mannequin as weel . their house was really freaky .
a building that has been designed by a gardener . the people are standing outside at night in what appears to be a cemetery scene . a large fake ghost has been set up outside a house . frankenstein and the bride of frankenstein wax figures standing in a cemetery . a car that is in front of the building at night .
the house 's haunted decor took hours , but it looked amazing in the end . the green light made the status appear like a walking man out of nowhere . the ghost danced around every time the wind blew . everyone appeared from the cemetery . the house was the best looking one on the block .
a house is decorated to the nines for halloween . the play shows all the detail that went into the production a ghost made of material is hanging against a brick wall in a dark room . historical actors are on an outdoor stage at night . a car and yellow street light are in front of a house decorated for halloween .
saint paddy 's day is special to [male] since he 's irish . but lack of irish blood did n't stop anyone else from having a good time . his sister moira had flown in from location and she was having fun as well . but like i said , everyone did , irish or not . then [male] got all quiet and started quoting [male] [female] and things got weird .
two smiling men , one holding a stuffed bear and wearing a green party hat . a man smiles broadly while wearing a hat decked with fuzzy beer mugs displaying a brand of beer while a seated women smiles cheerfully behind . a woman with curly hair and a low cut black shirt is sitting at a restaurant table in front of a plate . the group is getting together to watch the game a man showcases a green clover on his cheek in a green hat .
sporting a green st. [male] 's day hat , a man holds a stuffed animal , while his friend looks bemused . a guy is shown up close , grinning at the camera while wearing a tall black guinness hat . a woman chats with a friend over a meal during the festivities . more people gather together and converse while drinking beer . with his hair pulled back , you can clearly see the shamrock painted on the side of his face as he studiously poses for the camera .
a man holds a fake dog next to another man . a man with a funny hat smiling for the camera woman sitting in a red booth at a table . a woman with short blond hair sitting next to two other people . a young man poses showing his holiday decorations .
it is the best hat contest and it is just starting . first competitor , has a black hat . the judge is impressed by the first contestant . some fools show up without a hat but they are allowed to stay . the winner strikes a pose .
two men are looking at the camera , one holding a stuffed animal . he grins with a big hat advertising his favorite beer . the woman is smiling and enjoying the dinner some people lounge with a table full of drinks at a bar or restaurant . a man wearing a shamrock on his cheek and a green hat poses near a set of rails .
they parked and got ready to be bored out of their minds . the lecture ended up being interesting . someone had to get a replacement marker for the dry erase board . a man 's stomach was growling so loudly everyone could hear it . they wished it was cat videos instead of powerpoint .
the campus of [organization] university with parking lot and entrance a person points at a screen in front of a classroom they all gathered around and tried to understand him against all odds . an image of people that are in a group meeting people sitting at tables looking at a projection screen .
there were a lot of people at the school today . all of the students showed up to class . the instructor was very impressed . we had a final next week . after class we stayed to chat .
an office building where people are busily at work a classroom filled with students and a teacher at the projection screen . office workers stand around near a white board listening to a fellow worker speak . a group of people are watching a presentation on a white screen five guys are sitting at desks with computers on .
our company was having a big planning meeting . it seemed as though everyone was there . lots of presentations took place . and big plans were put into place . afterwards we all talked and enjoyed each others company .
a building with many windows is showing the reflection of trees . a man makes his point in this conference room presentation . a group of people discuss the next course of action . four people interview one man sitting up front . 4 people with laptops watching and overhead projector presentation
we all all dolled up for the festivities . look at the great job done with this makeup ! people are happy to show off the bright costumes . some dressed as famous movie characters . everyone is happy to be together for halloween .
a bride in white lifting her dress and showing spandex undergarments in white with lace fringe . a fake looking cut appears to be bleeding . a man dressed as the main character in 101 dalmations man wearing colorful outfit and make up poses for photo . a group of people , some of whom are in costume .
for halloween , a friend of mine dressed as [female] [male] , a look she could really pull off . another friend went with the blood and guts routine as a murdered corpse . my best friend went as cruella de ville from 101 dalmatians . she had a bi-colored wig and the red gloves that are indicative of that character . we all posed for a group shot to capture the evening .
a woman in a white dress has her legs crossed a grotesque wound has blood and scabs dripping down it a woman is dressed to look like a man . a woman dressed up as corella [location] from 101 d people are standing together and laughing in a room
there were a lot of people at the halloween party yesterday . some of the makeup looked very real . i met a lot of interesting people there . some of them wanted me to give them my phone number . after a while it got late and i left , but everyone was still having a great time .
woman showing the contour with lace that are under her white dress . a human with dark hair and an open wound and blood dripping a cross dresser in red gloves poses for a picture . a woman dressed as cruella deville poses for a picture . adults in costume are looking at the feet of a green fairie
the bus has taken them to where they needed to go . some beautiful white flowers are seen . they then discovered some pink flowers . the water sits at the base of the town . the cathedral 's interior is desolate yet filled with beauty .
a double decker bus cruises down the street . a white flower blossoms from a plant which bears huge thorns on leaves . reddish colored flowers grow all over a tree . a lake front town with lots of nice house along the water . inside of a very large wooden church with pews .
we took a bus out to the country side . there was some incredible flowers in the fields out there . as well as some great red flowers . we saw a great view of the seas side town . and took a look inside the cathedral that was nearby .
a large bus sitting on a black top road . white and yellow flower petals behind green leaves . pink bushes that look like they could use some watering . a calm and empty lake with several houses on the shore this photo is taken inside a large brown cathedral type building and everything is made of wood .
our bus arrived at our stop . we snapped a few pictures of flowers . these were very pretty . we walked the trail to the water . we entered an old building .
double decker bus with two men in the front bottom window . a beautiful white flower with a bright yellow center . a large tree with very pink flowers growing outside . a picture of a quiet seaside town early in the morning . a cathedral viewed from the nave towards the apse sits empty .
they decided to have a halloween party with some games . there were some unique characters that came by . the pirate team did very well in the race . the kids had their own race that day . finally , the winners were crowned , the two `` things '' from dr. suess .
a man on a dirt bike jumps over a spot of dirt . a man is wearing a wolf mask and riding down the street a guy that is riding his bike with a mask on . two people are dressed as thing one and thing two and holding hands . some pirates used alternative means of transportation to get around
there was a bicycle event today . some of the bikers even dressed up . this one in particular dressed up as a werewolf . other people had funny looking outfits as well . overall , it was a fun experience .
a man on a bicycle in a costume doing a trick . a person with a mask and a helmet that is on a bike . the man is riding a bike with number 17 on the front . two people are dressed as thing 1 and thing 2 . other costumed people can be seen in the background people riding a bike built for 2 and has a pirate flag on the back of it .
we hit the trail on our bike . everyone was dressed up funny for the day . we took jumps and raced each other . afterwards we all just hung out . we spent the day just riding for fun and hanging out .
a bmx rider jumping his bike on a dirt track . a person in a werewolf mask rides a motorbike . bicyclist rides between hay bales wearing a cape and halloween mask . a halloween party where a couple is dressed as thing 1 and 2 . a couple of people riding a bike together .
i threw a birthday party for my dad last week . he was very surprised ! even the dogs were happy for him ! the children all spent a lot of time on their gifts . they turned out great .
a room is decorated with a sign for someone 's birthday . man standing in a mask and jeans shorts . a man is touching a cake wearing a mask on his head . a man blowing out birthday candles with a little boy sitting next to him . man with mask on sitting on a couch near a standing boy .
we set up the birthday banner for dad 's party . joking around , he put on his lion mask . we sang happy birthday to him and he blew out his candles . he would n't tell us his wish . after he opened up his gifts while still wearing his lion mask .
a handmade banner of birthday missing the h . the man is wearing a mask that looks like an animal . the family is seated around the table and the birthday boy . a man is blowing out candles while wearing a lion mask a man is wearing a lion mask while his pantless kid watches
it 's dads birthday today . the family spent a long time decorating . the family has gotten together to celebrate this occasion dad likes the gifts he has received and the dog appears to be in on the festivities the kids have gotten dad some more presents and he 's opening them . dad shows off the card his two sons made for him .
a handmade birthday sign hands on the wall a man wearing a goofy mask as his house is decorated . the people gather around the table for cake birthday party with an older gentleman blowing out his candles and a young boy . a man wearing a lion mask is opening a present .
mom are you done choosing the clothes you will wear on my graduation day ? i am here ready to rock and roll . do i look good or is my outfit a little bit embarrassing ? finally , i am now a organization organization . proud to serve my country . thank you mom for the support . the few but proud marines ! we 're here to serve you location . good bye for now mom , need to serve my country overseas . please pray for me and i look forward to seeing you again .
a woman in a white tank top is near clothes in a store . man holding a flag near a large building military men gather around and talk to their superiors . young men in military khaki class b uniforms stand in formation at parade rest . a plane is taking off over the tops of at least eight palm trees . it 's is a beautiful day . there is not a cloud in the sky .
after the ceremony was over i was getting restless . i said goodbye to everyone and then left . i stopped at a store to do some shopping . i bought some clothes and a stuffed animal . it was a lot of fun .
a woman stands in a clothing store looking around . a man holding a flag standing on the road a group of military men being addressed by their superiors military personnel assembled , lined up and standing at ease in formation . the plane is taking off into the sky over the palm trees .
gertie decided to go shopping before the military parade . the streets were quite before it started . when it started though the men were very somber . they stood in formation for the duration . it was in tropical location so it was hot outside that day .
a woman with a short hair cut and a white tank top is inside a clothing store that has shorts and sweaters hanging up . man holding flag in front of a building during the day the group of military members are all in their uniforms . a group of marines in uniform standing at parade rest . palm trees lined up in a row with an airplane flying in the distance .
new years eve 2011 . we watched the last day of 2010 end . beautiful sky as it got dark . people looked up and waited for midnight ! beautiful lights in the neighborhood . we looked up as the time hit midnight . it was 2011 !
a group of people watching a sunset over the water . the moon is shining over a waterfront as the sun is setting . the lights were strung over the street a paper lantern is hanging amidst purple lights . the eiffel tower that it is decorated in christmas .
what a beautiful sunset . now that the sun has set it is time to have some fun . let 's go and enjoy each other 's company . new we just have to wait in the dark the celebration was well worth the wait .
a bunch of people are standing by the waterfront at sunset . a picture of the moonlight as it is shown against the night skyline . a busy fair is well lit by all of the street lamps overhead . the colorful lights had shown through in the image . tall tower light up in red and white lights with the numbers 2011 .
the train arrived in the station at 9:45 . the group walked to their favorite spot on the dock and waited until dark . once it was dark they did their yearly walk to the tower . after the tower they walked to the dock as they have done many years before . they waited for the sun to rise to end their wonderful night .
a group of people are leaning on a rail at sunset . a photo of a sunset over a city in the distance . a group of people that are on the street . reflections on the water at night are of fireworks [location] [location] lit up red for 2011 , at night .
[male] jansen gave a speech at my organization last week . he talked about the importance of a good headstone . [male] [male] also showed up to do a skit with [male] . they talked about self defense and blade safety . then a random girl in a yellow dress started dancing .
a woman explains the significance of the ancient artifact while lecturing . a woman making a presentation about a grave two people are having a conversation infront of a projector a man that is providing a presentation of his item . an animated woman with a big red bow in her hair wearing a yellow dress .
antiques roadshow came to town and was giving a presentation on old items . they showed things that had a large value that no one would expect . this coffin top is easily worth a few million . then they had an open discussion about antiques . people could then get their items appraised live on the screen .
a dressed up woman giving an electronic presentation . a woman stands on a stage and goes over something pertaining to death . a pair of men are making funny faces on stage . a guy is giving a presentation about a knife a performer wearing a big red bow is up on stage .
they were doing a fun talk on items from history . they talked about the different gravestones around . the two presenters bantered back and forth making the talk interesting and funny . they showed a lipstick knife . then one of the presenters dressed up like a lady drawing many laughs .
a lecturer speaking while showing a slide of an artwork with the image of a corpse-like figure of death or old age embracing a beautiful bare-breasted young woman . woman showing a video of a cemetery and commentating . two men stand on a stage in front of a projecter screen . a young man makes a presentation next to a screen with an image shining on it . the person dressed up as a character in a show .
there was all kinds of good food at the market . people were selling croissants . other people had veggies for sale . these radishes did not look good . and the lettuce was also questionable .
the homemade whole wheat muffins did not go over real well the bakery has fresh bread with different prices . some pumpkins are inside of a wood basket strange looking vegetables in a woven wicker basket . lettuce for sale at a local market priced in non-usd .
i went to a local farmers market today . i saw many things like bread and bakery . they even sold pumpkins . there were also old potatoes being sold . we ended up buying lots of vegetables .
a wicker basket of baked muffins displayed for sale meats behind the counter with notes on the glass a collection of vegetables that are on the table . a wicker basket full of black radis noir . variety of vegetable for sale and consumption displayed outdoors .
i had a hard time deciding what to buy at the market today . there were many good deals to be had . i bought some small pumpkins . i also bought these old bananas . after that i went back home to eat .
bread in a basket with a picture of the baker a bakery has several different sizes of croissants for sale a basket with some small ornamental pumpkins in it and some artichokes next to it . a basket full of roots being sold at a farmers market a market selling green vegetables with a small chalkboard like sign with pricing details
we decided to go out to dinner at the location . organization organization . the first beer i got was a little light but it was great . the food i got to wash it down was a hot dog . we then tried a few more dark beers and they were awesome . after our dinner we went outside and enjoyed the atmosphere .
a person walks toward a warmly lit brewery at dusk . the brewery has pots of yellow and red flowers at the front . a plate of food made at a restaurant . the woman is smiling from behind her beer glass . the two people are taking a drink of their drink . a store front patio decorated with shrubbery lit up by lights .
[female] went to a fancy winery for a fun night out . she ordered a dish that she has never tried before . alcohol helps her relax when talking to friends . her friends thought the same thing about her . as [female] left the winery , she appreciated the great times she had there .
the store lit up the block with its pretty lights and trees a delicious plate of sausage , vegetables , and a sauce . asian woman smiling behind tall glass of dark beverage with creamy head . a couple drinking beer from pints in a restaurant . a garden that is inside of the backyard .
this is the best place to eat i had my usual . here [female] sending us peace . [female] and art are enjoying their dark beers . after we head out to enjoy the night sky .
a large plant display out side of a large business . large white plate of food sitting at the table the lady in the picture is posing for a picture they had never even had beer but they loved the dark lager outdoor restaurant with umbrellas and chairs after closing .
they are having fun with their first kiss . all the teens are enjoying the party . one of the teen poses for a picture . the party is a blast . you can see as this young man poses . smiling as he enjoys the party with his friends .
people are enjoying the new year with friends a man that is kissing another woman in the 90s . the for people are hugging each other a man and woman are kissing at a party . the person in a blue shirt is drinking from a glass
last night 's party was really wild . there were tons of people there . everyone was being very loud . some of the party goers may have had too much to drink . everyone had a great time though .
young people gather for party with hats and noise makers . a man places his hands on a womans face as he kisses her some young men and a young woman are celebrating the new year . a man and woman celebrating the new year with a kiss . a young man drinks a pint of beer with blue shirt on .
today was the day that [male] was going to ask out the girl of his dreams , at the party ! she said yes ! and even kissed him ! everyone was having a great time at the party ! that was until freds new girlfriend was caught kissing another guy . we decided to stay silent about it .
group of young people at a party with sound makers and funny hats . a man and a woman are kissing . a group of friends smile for the camera . a young man and woman kiss passionately next to a man with his hand outstretched in exasperation . a man taking a drink of amber liquid in a bar room .
the boys like the steam engine . the green looks fresh . it still works well . they let people still ride . we will take the boys soon .
a group of pictures are hanging above a bench . a train that is going down the rail road tracks 3 men are in the picture and they appear to be driving or working on a green train . a train station is parked at the train depot . small brown dog staring at camera with blue collar
the old train station has been meticulously restored . the old engine is as pristine as it was when it was new . the crew puts a lot of work into keeping things in top order . the green engine looks good pulling the three red cars . no train station would be complete without it 's mascot .
a bench is against the outside of a brick building . train arriving at a train station waiting for passengers to get on and off . a small green train car with it 's conductor an antique passenger train is stopped at a depot . a cute little brown dog with its ears pointing out
i went to the train station yesterday . when my train showed up we got on . it was going to be a long ride . the train was not very long . i brought my dog with me .
the train station is not normally closed but it was the day we went a train is parked in front of a store . a man standing on a train engine car . an old style train is stationary at the station . this dog will stay in this position for hours without blinking
i was walking down the pier yesterday , admiring the bridge . when i went to catch the subway i noticed a gathering nearby . there were a lot of people watching some street performers . they were very good . afterward i left and got on that subway .
two bridges can be seen in this black and white photograph . a train platform and tracks stand empty in the shadows . man walking alone in center of seated spectators a man is doing a hand stand in front of a large audience . robot images are side by side in black and white .
we decided to take off and go to the organization show room . the white car was without a doubt my favorite model . we even got to see the motorcycle 's they are working on . the red car was awesome and very expensive . inside the car was amazing and i felt like i was in the future .
a bridge is shown photographed in black and white . no one is waiting on the platform although it 's late afternoon so this must be a suburban commuter train station . a group of people watching one person in the middle . a person is standing on the stage in black and white cutouts of cartoon robots rest against a metal backdrop .
on the city street , it is rainy . we escape the rain in the train station . this is where we see the amateur dancers on the platform . they prove that break dancing is still popular . here is one of the dancers in his home environment , happy to be out of the rain .
a black and white photo shows the bridge over the water . empty dark train station with park in distance . a person stands in the center of a crowd on the street . in the middle of street a man does a hand stand in order to impress the crowd . a robot cutout of paper on a wall with other paper robots
we finally arrive after the long flight . i headed straight to my friends house where he was holding a small gathering . my friend poses for a picture while eating food . we later get to our hotel to check in . all of us head outside and enjoy the snow .
people prepare to board a small airplane while it is snowing outside . 6 people sitting at table , looking at camera , drinking coffee young men with ambitions to be the next [male] belushi practice their chops backstage at the improv . this building manages to showcase the beauty of winter . group of people standing in a forest covered in snow .
we landed at the airport on a snowy day . when we arrived , we sat down to have a large meal . then we had desert after the meal . we arrived to our hotel to check in . after that we took a walk in the snow .
people walking around an airplane on a snowy day they are seated at a rectangular table drinking coffee . a man with a beard and glasses giving the thumbs up sign , while another man examines a bottle . front entrance to a hotel with a russian sign . a group of individuals are sanding in the snow .
just landed . talking about new projects . went to dinner with friends . a surprise visitor joined them . passing food around .
an image of people departing a plane on a snowy day people are seated around a table with food and drinks . curly haired man gives a thumbs up with another reads the beer label . the front of the hotel has snow shoveled out of the walkway . five young people standing under trees in winter .
the shells were opened , and the insides came out . the botanists were enraptured with the process , so they grew more plants and started the life cycle all over again .
a dried tamarind on a beige table and cut into several pieces . the berries dry slowly on the branch that was picked from the tree . very large greenleaf against a tan background on a table the remaining part of a sunflower stalk sits on a table . a plant that is dying on the ground
the banana was putrid , rotted compelty . a few of the berries still seemed viable . a flower had managed to blossom . the eucalyptus was still fragrant . no one believed this sick little plant would survive .
a counter or surface with that what resembles locust beans the tree branch was on the wooden floor a flower has been picked from the ground and laid down by itself on a table . a green leafy plant is lying on a wooden surface . a plant whose stalk is green but whose leaves are wilting sits on a table
this brown seed pod was the first plant clipping i collected last weekend . i found this branch that looked like it was growing berries . these flowers were just about in bloom , so i grabbed them to put in water later . the long , beautiful leaves on this plant made a nice addition to my collection . the last clipping i took was this hearty looking leaf , which had a smooth waxy coating .
the dried fig waiting to produce some type of sweet dessert a group of berries that are next to a plant . a bright orange nasturtium flower lying in contrast to the light colored wood table . the stem to the rose is very thick and healthy . wilted flowers are sitting on a tan , hard surface .
we visited mother 's house for the day . she has a chicken farm . this is the chicken coop . she really loves her chickens . lastly , this was a baby chicken that just hatched from an egg .
front of a house with the garage door open and three cars four brown chickens are inside a chicken pen . woman on her newly painted small house at the back a middle aged woman in a dress poses with her pet brown chicken in the back yard in the country . a woman holds a small animal in her hands .
we live in a rural area . we 're able to keep chickens at our house . this is my mom showing off the hen house . this is my mom showing off her favorite hen . her favorite part of the whole thing is when the chicks hatch .
a home is situated at the end of a driveway . four chickens peck at the grass behind a fence a woman is standing next to a small green shed an older woman holding up a red chicken . a person that is holding out a pet hamster .
i love anything small and fuzzy . the baby duckling is in my hand . i 'm just about ready to get the chickens outdoors . my garden is a fun spot for the chickens . who says you ca n't catch and hold a chicken !
the large house has three cars in the garage chickens are in a pen with grass and dirt woman standing next to a green shed under a cloudy blue sky a lady is standing in the yard posing with the chicken a woman holds a small animal in her hands .
we were on location location . this board advertised a business . we got to see a fire station along the way . the walls were covered with bricks . it was the organization organization organization organization organization .
a sign indicating the street name on street a red and white sign for the delivery office a brick garage with a red door for red and yellow fire truck a brick building with large windows under a cloudy sky . the sign on the brick building is for the fire station .
i had to find the fire department . there was a fire nearby that i needed to warn them about . i finally found the building after searching for hours . i had to run around to the front . i saw the sign .
a sign in the grass reading `` bear [male] '' a sign showing the location of mail delivery office . a brick building has a red garage with windows a large building with small shrubs planted outside a sign that gives information about the service .
the fire department is located in bear lane . the class went on a field trip , to learn about the techniques used , and the many ways , the fire department protects the community .
a wooden street sign posted in a grassy area . a sign showing where the delivery office is . a red garage door and a firefighting truck parked inside the back of a large brick building that is on a street . a sign for a fire and rescue service .
the park was so crowded in the morning . the venue was filled with antsy people . the graduates word glossy black gowns . this faculty member gave a excited speech . we gathered together to share roses and balloons .
a long line of people standing outside headed into a building a large crowd of people at a graduation ceremony . graduates wearing caps and gowns are lined up as a crowd looks on . giving a graduation speech at a college for her fellow classmates . people waiting on a sidewalk to give someone graduation balloons
a courtyard had a well-watered lawn . the gym was stuffy but the spirits were high . the graduates wore the shiniest gowns i had ever seen . a historic speech was made by the president . families gathered outside to reunite and take pictures .
people waiting in a long to get in a building . people sitting around in a gym at a graduation graduates in black robes and mortarboards proceeding in front of crowd . female speaker at [organization] [organization] graduation ceremony , behind a podium . a group of people are standing around a display at a park .
friends and family are gathering for the graduation ceremony and organization organization . everyone is finally seated so the event can begin . here are the students in line before receiving their diplomas . finally the head principle congratulates them and wishes everyone a fabulous future . this is a memorial outside for 3 students that were killed a week before the ceremony .
a long line of people standing , waiting to get inside the building . many people gathered in a large room for a graduation ceremony . people lined up for graduation with a crowd in the back a woman in a black gown giving a speech during graduation . people dressed up standing around a brick area filled with green grass .
adults getting ready for the big halloween party . guests in costume get ready for fun and games at the party . two adorable children in costume at the festivities . the parade of costumes to see who wins the grand prize . two adults at the party cuddle together .
three little kids , one boy and two girls wearing halloween costumes . a group of people that are next to each other . four little kids are playing and dressed in costumes the children had custom while they walked the hallway . a blonde boy in a superman costume holds his mother 's hand at a party .
this halloween we took all 3 kids out trick-or-treating . our first stop was to the nursing home to visit all the seniors . we met up with some friends once we got back to the neighborhood . then we headed to the school where they set up the halls for the kids . everyone had a great time and we made some new friends .
a boy dressed up as mario . a girl dressed up as my little pony and another girl dressed as a witch a group of adults and children at a halloween party . there are four kids in halloween costumes standing on a lawn . the children are playing at a halloween party . children in costumes are at a party with their parents
the mom had dressed her kids in cute costumes for the celebration . when they arrived to the location where the party was they all got cookies ! the kids quickly got bored and wanted to go outside so the mom took them out there . soon it was time for the costume parade so everyone went back inside . the younger kids had to be escorted by a parent in order to participate .
the kids are dressed up as [male] , a unicorn , and a witch . halloween is a festive holiday and a great time to be creative . four children having fun going trick or treating people in costumes are dancing at a dance in a gymnasium . a lady in a striped shirt with a little boy with a superman outfit on
he enjoyed playing the game to pass time . he preferred puzzle pieces . dad teaches her how to work the computer . the baby is interested in the game in his hand . dessert was almost gone .
a young boy with brown hair and a striped is playing foosball a young child is intent on playing a board game . a man and little girl are standing next to a tv a toddler stares pensively while being held by a reclining adult . the berry pie has been almost all eaten .
babysitting the niece and nephew for the night . he decided this game looked fun , insisted on playing . she was more interested in my photo taking than the cartoons . he decided to help himself out just a little . dessert was devoured in minutes , now bath time..
a boy reaching into a foosball table to grab the ball . the cute little boy is playing with his toys the little girl looked at the box intently while her dad explained what it contained . the baby was held by the man the remains of a cherry pie that has been mostly eaten
i helped my brother who had his four kids for the weekend while his wife was out of town . they were so cute ! it kept him busy keeping them busy . the baby was a doll ! his wife had mad a delicious cherry pie for us .
a young boy playing on a game table small boy playing with colorful toys in the middle of a room . this image is of a man teaching a girl how to use a machine . someone is reading while holding a little child . the bowl is filled with left over pie filling and crumbs .
the turkey was golden and ready to come out of the oven . he carved the turkey before putting it on the table . we all gathered around the dining table with a fruit center piece . we talked and gave thanks while we waited . we stayed and visited after dinner .
two women in a kitchen with one pulling a turkey out of the oven . a man cuts open a cooked turkey while a woman behind him holds a cigarette . many people sitting around a covered table with food . a group of people are sitting at at table with meals in front of them . man in black shirt smiling while holding baby in red dress .
i finally finished preparing all of the food for the party . it looked delicious . everyone was very hungry . they ate all of the food and there was no leftovers . afterward we spent some time chatting before everyone left .
two women are cooking holiday meal in the kitchen . a man cuts a turkey while a woman smokes a cigarette behind him . people sitting at a table with lots of good people are gathered around a beautiful display of food and drink . the baby with the man and woman looks surprised to have her picture taken .
[female] prepared our christmas turkey . after it was done we all sat down to eat . we also got to meet our brothers new baby . he was so sweet . after dinner we went outside and snapped some photos then we all listened to my niece play piano .
chicken baking in a pan in the oven a man cutting up a well cooked turkey . a large group of people around a dinner table . three adults are sitting at a table enjoying food and wine . a man in black holding a baby in red and white
we decided to take a walk outdoors on a fine fall day . the paths were clear and the landscape was lush . the railroad tracks always provide a good background . the water was bustling by under the bridge . finally , we reached downtown and stopped for a bite to eat .
the road ran down the empty woods . a view of the sky in the middle of the forest . outside it is fall time and the leaves are now changing . the water is calmly flowing around the rocks . a dead tree is in the water that is surrounded by trees .
my favorite time of the year is when the leaves begin to turn colors . it 's a perfect time to take a walk outside and enjoy nature . during my walk , i decided to follow the local railroad tracks . i eventually made my way to the old bridge in town . at the end of my nature walk , i went into the city for lunch .
a vast assortment of green trees and bushes along a path a view of the sky in between many trees . a colorful tree sits in a meadow surrounded by green trees . calm river passing trees beginning to turn colors the water flows past both live and dead trees
they wandered the golf course ... and , took in the beautiful scenery.. especially the rotunda near the 16th hole ... after the round of golf , they headed for the pond . where they sat by the shore for hours .
a manicured walkway with stone path through the hills . looking up into the sky at green tree branches and a partial cloudy sky . a tree with yellow leaves is in a field of green grass and green trees . a bunch of boulders sitting on top of a lake surrounded by trees . a small animal or piece of wood is floating under a dead tree in the river .
we had a very nice view from the apartment before dinner the man was carving up the turkey to prepare for the feast the table was set and the food was ready to be devoured she loved the food so much she ate from the serving plate . she was very happy with all the food and the company of friends
a blurry image of bright lights and a city skyline is captured beyond a window . a man with glasses cuts up some meat and chicken to prepare food the dinner plate is full of food and ready to be eaten the woman is shoving rice in her face . young jewish woman posing for a picture while eating a meal .
when i got to my friend 's apartment i went to the balcony to see the view . he was in the kitchen preparing the food . it looked delicious . everyone was very hungry . i had a great time there .
city with many lights and pointy buildings through a window . a man is cutting the turkey in the kitchen [location] is cut up and is sitting on a plate a girl goes all-in face-first to eat her food . a blurry picture of a woman eating salad
thanksgiving time is here , we went into the city to see friends . we ate till our plates were empty , fran ate right from the serving dishes . i helped fran clean up .
a nice city view from a nice window . the man is carving the meat that is on the cutting board . a big thanksgiving plate of different types of meat . young woman with red hair eating off a plate with her mouth . a woman smiles as she eats a meal .
the set for the new community show started off slowly . it took awhile build because they could n't decide exactly how to portray the rooms . it was great though because the set was catered with sandwiches everyday . they even used brick in some places to make it look more believable . that was also another reason why it took longer than usual to build .
alot of construction is going on in this room this appears to be a studio or warehouse with rooms on back wall . people setting up tables of food for a holiday party at an office . someone cleaning a spill in the basement of a buliding people are helping to finish a basement construction
the construction scene was surprisingly clean . the workers did n't like mess , so they made sure to clean up every night . they had tables set up for them to eat lunch on , and then they got back to work constructing the new building .
a ladder laying against a white wall in an unfinished space . several chairs and a couch sit outside of offices . woman puts plates on a table in a hallway . person standing on brick floor , bending over near bucket . the work was close to finish but it did n't look that way .
i had to finish the construction project as fast as possible . the deadline was next week . i still had to do all of the electrical . i called some people to help me . the place was packed and we finished it up by the end of the week .
indoor area under construction with adults in background . this apartment has blue carpet 6 chairs and a couch a woman is at a table full of food a man bends over in a hallway that is under construction . a girl with a white shirt and grey pants walking in a room with exposed brick .
the professor walked arounf to help the students . he was there to answer any questions they had . he was very interested in what they had to say . he loved being one on one with them . the students really learned a lot from him also .
father and son discuss the details of putting together equipment and how to get started . two women smiling towards a man in a suit and tie . two men sitting by a computer screen with a red notebook . an older man with gray hair talks to a younger man with red hair in front of a computer . the students in this picture is inside a computer room .
he went around talking to everyone he could . his employees along the way and the customers who used his service . he got to know the i.t team as well as possible . he always tried to stay personable with the company . they all gathered to take a final picture before he left .
adult man sits and listens to young student discussing technical information . a man wearing glasses talks to two middle aged women . an older man sits talking to a young man sitting at a computer monitor . a man in business attire converses with a man wearing casual clothes . the group stands close to one another for a photo between the two rooms .
[male] was a high school counselor . he was the favorite one of the students he encountered . because he was always there to help . he even took time to go to the computer room regularly to get in touch with the students . when he retired , they all gave him a party because they truly loved him as a person .
a student and an older man sit down to talk about technology . two young women speaking with an older man wearing a suit man with gray hair and eyeglasses talking to woman in cap sitting at a computer a young man and an older man are sitting in front of a monitor while referencing a book group of students standing for picture in classroom
one day he was driving down the street while a parade was happening . but little did he know , a guy riding a bike was trying to run up on his car and wipe him out . it was a happy and joyous day . all smile and no tears . this is papi chulo , he is the thuggiest thug out there . as the guy was approaching papi chulo 's car a bus hit him . this is the bus .
five men standing outside of a door posing for a picture up close picture of a bus window that shows reflections of surroundings a couple of kids are walking with a group of people a protest is taking place in the streets , as traffic is stalled . a person is riding a bicycle . their back is to the camera and they are riding away from the camera . the person has on a backpack and is carrying a red helmet .
everybody was out , ready to watch the parade even the workers . the people in the restaurant were even ready to see it with their prime seats . the children walking the route were so happy to be included . the first part of the parade had passed the restaurant . a man on a bike starts the second part of the parade .
a man giving another man bunny ears with his fingers . reflected in the bus window are people walking down the street . young children marching behind adults during street protest . protesters march in front of a red building on city streets . a man wearing a hat and cold weather cloths with a backpack over his shoulder carrying a helmet ridding his bike down a street .
the chefs were getting made fun of while they held signs . people were protesting and blocking the streets from the bikers .
person making bunny ears behind a man 's head the bus drove by the protest without stopping . a group of protesters are walking down a street . people walking down a city street near a big red building with some carrying signs . a man rides his bike down a street while wearing a backpack .
went to the day of the cow country fair . lots of foods and wonderful things to eat . saw a rodeo . met some new cows . woh , this is made of cheese and i want to eat it all .
crowds are coming and going into the carnival as one man notices the camera . a stand that sells pizza , pasta , and spaghetti a horse and a buggy ride in a circle around the stadium two baby goats and a large goat standing in hay a series of cheese statues laying on a table .
the state fair is great fun ! there is great food to eat . there are events like races and animal shows . kids also enjoy the petting zoo ! and you ca n't forget the fair oddities like the cheese sculptures ! the state fair is a fun family tradition .
a crowd of people walk through a sate fair visiting several rides and booths carts at a fair are advertisting different kinds of food judges sit in the middle of a horse riding stadium . two baby calves that are standing on the ground . group of characters on carved from cheese stacked on table
the fair came to town and [female] was going to help . they put her in the livestock section and she hated it . the cows were extra smelly and gross . but she got free food because of her help . after complaining , they put her in the petting zoo .
a crowd is large right outside the entrance of the state fair . many people walking and ordering food from the street vendors at a fair . an arena , there is an area in the middle with a man playing piano . two baby goats standing next to each other as the adult goat watches . a display of a variety of cheese carvings .
the new organization organization is now open for business . inside you will find bright , cheerful booths . along with a friendly staff , you will receive first class service . it 's been said the coffee is the very best . stop by today and enjoy a hearty breakfast .
a four door pickup truck parked outside a small 50 's style diner . you inside a small diner in which a person is sitting on the opposite side . a woman works in a coffee shop in gray the coffee mug as a [organization] [organization] logo . a large breakfast of eggs , toast , pancakes , potatoes , sausage , and hash sits on a table .
here you see the small restaurant off the side of the road . inside you can see that a seat is open to be seated . or you can seat here and order items more quickly . first you get is a drink , like tea or coffee . afterwards you can order meals , like these if you brought two extra friends with you .
a black truck is parked in front of a diner . a man with a beard is sitting in a diner booth while others are at the counter . an image of a woman at a diner on her phone a coffee cub with `` the breakfast club '' written on it sits on a table . a full breakfast ready to be eaten by someone , not sure why they bothered with artificial sweetener .
we ate at the best breakfast cafe the other day . the coffee was delicious ! the lady who made the coffee was really nice and did n't mind us taking photos . i ca n't believe it was n't busier . on the way out i took one last snap shot of the outside and went home full .
someone has parked in front of the restaurant to eat a restaurant dining area is pictured with a couple of diners in the background . waitress walking behind the bar at a diner . a tea cup with a spoon in it placed on a table . an assortment of breakfast items on three plates including pancakes , french toast , sausages , potatoes , etc .
the bride was so excited to get married . the bride 's maids took their place for the wedding . then the bride walked down the aisle with her father . after the wedding the bride and groom had their first dance . all of their friends and family threw a huge party .
a large woman in a wedding dress holding a bouquet of flowers a woman in a red dress holding red flowers . the beaming bride is being walked down the aisle by the proud father . dance of the bride and groom at a wedding reception . three women in dresses stand in a room with arms stretched upwards .
bride got her flowers and is ready to get married . the bridesmaids are happy also waiting for them to get married , then the bride and her dad walks her to the stand , and the couple are pronounced married and get ready to kiss , and finally they start to have fun and dancing at the wedding
bride with a huge bust looking at the camera a woman with blonde hair is wearing a dress and holding flowers the father of the bride walks her down the aisle . two people dancing , the man is wearing a suit and the woman a wedding dress . three woman out at a party having a good time .
my sister [female] got married last weekend . my cousin [female] was one of the bridesmaids . my dad was so proud walking her down the aisle . the reception that followed was fun . at the end , i tried to catch the bouquet , but i failed . still , it was a beautiful day .
a happy bride holds a bouquet and smiles . a caucasian woman wearing a red dress and holding a red rose . a bride carrying flowers walks in with a man in a suit at a church . the first dance between bride and groom is happy and romantic as the guests look on . three women dance and smile at a party .
a perfect winter day to head out and see the town . a beautiful church along the way , looks so peaceful against the snow . there is something about snow that makes scenery so much more beautiful just take a look at that quiet , sleepy town . and a perfect way to wrap up our winter day , a drink at the local pub .
cars are parked along the snow-lined street on a dark and gloomy day . the top of a cathedral on a stormy gray day a foggy atmosphere envelopes the graveyard at the top of a snowy hill . a view of the mountain from the top of the roof . darkly colored city pub signage with a light over it .
when i was on vacation yesterday there was a lot of snow . the buildings were all very old and unique . i had a great time there . the town i stayed in was small . they were okay with smoking .
a gloomy day with snow on the ground and cars traveling on wet pavement a white and yellow church sits next to rows of trees . the gravesites in the cemetery of a small town are covered in snow . a view of the cemetery with snow covering everything . a lit black sign advertises a bar inside
the town did n't look like much when we arrived and with all the snow cover it was easy for me to get disappointed . as i entered the town however i was greeted by a large church at it 's corner . behind the church i found a lot of very detailed gravestones , the snow almost none existent on their tops . as i left the graveyard i could n't help but wonder what all of the people were like . to help forget some of the depressed things i had witnessed we all hit the local pub .
a man standing next to a vehicle on a street a white church with a terra cotta tile roof . a cemetery that has snow on top of the graves . a rural area , covered in snow , with a few old buildings on either side of a road . a light on the to falling on the wall with text
the group of friends took a trip in [female] and started at an amusement park . they enjoyed riding the merry-go-round . some of the students were amused by the camera lens on top of a building next to the merry-go-round . after they went to the amusement park , the group traveled to a local museum . the students ended the trip when they saw some unusual gardens .
the farris wheel and rollercoaster are bright on the pier . a colorful merry go round with mostly blue and white horses . security system that is located near the eave of the building . a group of photographers gather in front of a building . a hedge arrangement in a pool of water
going site seeing . the carnival is a great place to start , with all the colors and rides here at the merry go round , all the colors are bright and beautiful . a great site to see . here is more common sight . the camera is watching us . here , we all got together to discuss the sites we 've seen , and continue with our trip . now , it 's the end of the day . a compilation of great architecture and landscaping . a beautiful scene .
a ferris wheel and small roller coaster are at a wooden pier . what an amazing in door merry go round . a video camera bolted to the side of a building . a group of photographers assemble in front of a large building . landscaped bushes in circles with buildings behind and water
the wheel was tall and had a big ferris wheel . there was a light and the people were filming near the garden .
a woman stands in front of an old style [organization] [organization] and roller coaster . a carousel of brightly colored horses is spinning a camera on the side of a building . people are gathered outside a building on tile flooring a circular hedge maze on a circular garden pond .
i hopped in my bus last thursday to being work . there was a field trip today so i had to work extra . i took the bus across the bridge and we all went the pier . everybody had a good time there . the water was so bright and we could see the city in the distance .
a line of yellow school buses by a sidewalk the signs are for an intersection of a one way street . the view under a bridge above water with a city on the horizon . people sitting on a bench while fishing in the water . a lake near a city full of sky scrapers
the students gathered on the yellow school bus for a trip to the big apple ! they were excited to see all the attractions while driving around downtown . they crossed over a bridge and looked down at the water below . the bus driver let them off to explore the pier by the water . they ended their trip by staring off into the cool calm waters .
school buses are lined up on an autumn day . signs point to [location] and w 57th street on the corner surrounded by skyscrapers . low angle view of a bridge over water . a few people that are fishing off the coast . reflections on the lake are a peaceful contrast to the skyscrapers in the background .
it all started that morning as i got ready to go to school . but , just before i left , my dad said we were skipping and going on a trip to the city and beyond ! we went across a huge bridge ! then we took a walk and watched some people who were fishing . after our walk , we took a break and stared at the beautiful city skyline .
a very long row of yellow school buses parked by the roadside . an image of famous [location] [location] streets signs the water under the bridge was shadowed by the sun a few people are fishing at a park . a lake overlooks a city in the distance .
our family all gathered together before we left for the museum to enjoy on summer break . first stop was to get all the information we needed . the desk kind of reminded me of a joker 's hat for some reason . [female] looked so pretty there . then off to the imaginary subway train to get into the actual museum , we felt silly . but , not as silly as these two who decided to slide down the stair railings . i thought for sure that the security guards were going to ask us to leave ! at the end we took a group picture . we were all so tired and hungry . but over all , we had a delightful day .
four girls and one man posing for a picture a woman is standing in front of a small window two teens pose for a photo inside a colorful play center . a couple of women are on some stairs the men are all sitting down in a circle
[female] was happy to arrive at orientation . she and her friend even slide down the stairs they were so energized . but when they got there this nerdy guy was talking about his invention . and in the other room some kind of depressing support group was going on . so [female] and her friend left the building to find something more fun to do .
a group of people stand and smile in a field next to a tree . a woman standing under a orange arrow at a info station . two young woman joke around inside a child 's play house . two smiling woman fooling around on some banisters . people sitting down with their heads bowed and arms in praying position .
our church is throwing a festival . the info station i helped setup ! kids area , looks like so much fun ! posing like weridos on he staircase ! prayer circle in the worship center .
group of people standing near tree , smiling with slide in background , a lady is standing at a information booth waiting for help . there are two women in a child 's toy . two women are playing on the stairs and laughing . a group of people are sitting in a circle and talking
i visited a city and walked up and down the water . i found a really great bakery with lots of pastries . in the same building was a meat and fish vendor . there was a central cafe where we could all eat our purchases . the building it was housed in was gorgeous .
a white boat docked against the concrete on a clear day . shopping is actually pleasurable at this grocery store the deli case with all kinds of fish in it . the view of a local business that sells delicacies . the building by the water is fancy and surrounded by boats .
the building looked like s church . but inside was a restaurant . they had hundreds of pastries . the variety of meats were abundant . they had enough seating for our group .
a medium-sized white boat is pulled up to a dock . a large bakery window at a fancy valintatalo store . meats section at a deli inside with a large selection of products the restaurant tables are empty in front of the counters . boats sit outside of a large red building directly next to a blue lake or sea .
our day begins with a short ride on a water taxi . we wander the aisles in search of some delicious fare . there is much to choose from . we take time to sample some of the local food and rest our feet . heading back we remember another satisfying day .
a boat that gives people rides through a harbor . pastries and other goods are displayed for sale in a shopping area . various meat products on display under glass at butchers . the interior of a buffet style restaurant just before opening time . older looking cityscape on the edge of a body of water with several sail boats along the dock .
when i went out for a walk this morning i was taken aback by just how beautiful the snow was . we get snow back home , but nothing like how this snow just seems to go on forever . i was happy to see others out enjoying the snow . the roadway was so nicely cleared . and you could n't beat watching the sunrise in such a place .
bare trees are in the snow with a cloudy sky bare bushes stand in a deep field of snow . a man pushes someone on a sled in this wintry scene . the sides of the road is covered with white snow tree with no leaves sits in frozen beauty in the snow .
we set out early today . the path was still clear as no new snow fell last night . the air was bitter cold . not a bird was chirping . it was so quiet . this sunrise was so gorgeous over the snow and ice .
a road filled with snow with two trees that have no leaves the white snow is breathtaking to coexist with the sky . people walk in a path in the snow snow is covering the ground and the leafless trees . the bare branches of a large tree are silhouetted against the sunset .
there was a massive snowstorm where i live yesterday . the snow was so deep you could barely walk in it . i took my children out to play for a while . we went sledding and had a blast going down hills . after a long day of playing in the snow it was time to bring the kids inside to warm up .
a partially sunny day with snow on the ground bare bushes stand in a vast field of snow . a family walks down a path in a snow-covered park . a road carved through the snow with trees lining it a tree 's silhouette is seen in front of a sunrise .
my father decorated his front porch with red , white and blue for his independence celebration . we went to the ocean afterwards . we relaxed on the beach because no one was there . we went back home and saw that he put a hotel california sign the room we were staying at . he has a strange sense of humor but our daughter loves him .
a home is decorated with red , white , and blue . two men are wading in the water and fishing . a look at the beach and ocean with sea weed in it . a decorative homemade printout details rules about [location] [location] . a man in a tuxedo with a baby holding a gold chain .
i have a brother who lives in the swamps of the location . there are super long bridges to get from place to place . they also have regular looking beaches down there . my brother likes to joke about his place being hotel location . he 's not your typical swamp dweller and cleans up well .
a house is displaying patriotic decorations on the porch . fisherman are wading into calm waters as they fish . the water is toughing the shore with the sand . a colorful piece of paper hangs on a door under a blue license plate . she usually does n't like strangers but she loved his necklace
spending the day at the lake . look at that beautiful face ! i love my daughter . here we are together looking outside . look at that face . posing by the water on the beach .
view of a white house with american flags and of a pole with street sign on it . grass growing out the water at a calm sea . foot prints all over an empty beach during the day . the sign contains rules for the [location] [location] . the man in the tuxedo is holding a little girl .
at this part of the temple , there were men and women eating . they were holding a sacred ceremony and i was glad to be there . the candles were spread out on the table . after enjoying the candles , we went back to the hotel to snap a night picture . on our way home , we saw decorations in another home .
receiving communion on this glorious day with other parishioners . people are standing near statues in a museum a large candle sits above groups of smaller candles . water runs next to the lite up hotel toy elves are seen from within a hazy and blurry window
we waited forever for our food . after we finished eating we decided to walk around . there were a lot of decorations up for the holidays . there were some people still doing some last minute shopping . everything is always so beautiful this time of the year . after looking at a few more displays we finally headed back home .
people kneel before a priest in a dimly lit , concrete block building . the christmas display features several figures in a nativity scene . a series of candles on metal pans that are lit . a lonely sidewalk in the middle of the night . doll elves seen through a tiny window stuffing gifts and cards in sacks .
it 's the holiday season . time for a meeting with my fellow workers at the food pantry to decide if we have enough staffing . then , on to a religious service at the local church that really has a creepy nativity scene this year . trudging through the snow to find stores that are open . enjoying the lights . finding some inspiration for my last-minute gift-buying .
people are gathered at a church for mass . a christmas nativity is portrayed with stuffed figures . a picture of a bunch of candles in a structure a small stream of water is in front of a building . two cute stuff dolls that look like [location] 's elves taking care of cards and packages .
our wedding day was perfect . we spent a lot of time to make sure that everything was simple , but marvelous . i 'm happy that we chose an intimate ceremony . a ceremony large enough for our family and friends , but small enough so that we all felt really close . here are my bridesmaids , family and friends . everyone is dressed in my wedding colors . the pictures are going to be beautiful . my friend created these for me . are n't they beautiful ? these took hours to create , but it was worth it . the reception is going to be great . the table settings are really beautiful . i almost do n't want to eat and mess up this beautiful sight .
a decorated table with flowers under a tent . a bride and a groom are standing outside part of a wedding party stands behind a thin tree . a candle is lit on top of a table a dining tent on the edge of golf course is all draped in white from the decorations and furniture to the table cloths and even the tent itself .
this was the set up for my friend 's wedding . they looked so happy as they got their vows read . the flower girls were very excited too . the set up of the flowers in the glass was lovely . here was a wide shot of the dining area .
a long table under a tent is decorated for dinner . a couple just got married and ready to start their lives . bridesmaids holding flowers , & wearing orange and white dresses . a few floating candles are burning in a cup of water . tables are set up under a white tent with pink roses
i spent all day decorating the place for the wedding . the bride and groom were very excited . everyone looked great for the event . i lit some candles . i set up all the tables and chairs .
the table was set and in order for the occasion a wedding ceremony is taking place , and the couple is smiling . a girl in a pink wedding dress making a sour face . within a vase of water sits flower petals and lit tea candles the tables under the cover are covered with pink tablecloths and decorated with fuchsia flowers and white lights .
at the halloween party , my friends were dressed up as two people on a boat . my other friend had her costume on that she thought she would not fit into . my two friends got a picture with a guy wearing a skeleton mask and shirt . the party was a hit and everyone enjoyed each others company . my friend was upset that her costume was shown up by many other people .
two very badly dressed people pose for an awkward photo . a girl is dressed in a blue outfit and white face paint . group of people each dressed in a costume . the girls were having a lot of fun at the party that night . a woman gives an emphatic thumbs down to something .
there were a lot of people at the halloween party last night . we had it in a basement . tons of people were there and dressed up . i had fun taking pictures with all of them . some people did not like the party .
a woman wearing a pink bra and black leather skirt a lady dressed in blue sparkly clothes with face paint around her eyes three people are in a hallway in costumes . two women in costume pose chest to chest . woman in red glasses and low cut blouse giving the thumbs down sign
college halloween parties allow college students to take a break from their hard work . it also lets students come up with creative ( and provocative ) costumes . lots of students enjoy dressing up and then seeing their friends dressed up in different costumes . they will sometimes attend a dance or party where they can dance the night away . most have so fun that they are upset when the night ends .
a girl wearing a pink tank top and a black skirt standing next to a guy wearing a deep v-neck button-down and white pants . both are making gestures and smiling at the camera . mentally disabled anorexic woman wearing face paint and tight clothes . people get dressed and have fun at a party two women in costume posing for the camera . the lady gives the camera two thumbs down .
about to start our journey into the jungle . these trees are so old , moss are other plant life start to grow all around . looking up towards the canopy , monkeys can be seen playing . this tree curved at an upward angle . the view from the top was breathtaking .
a person standing on the grass looking at a wooded area . a butterfly and a forest in the dark day time a wild animal holds itself up as it sits in a tree . a man is climbing the tree in park . beautiful tall trees during the fall season in some place
we took a trip to the forest today . there were so many huge trees . the trees had been there for a very long time . it was so majestic looking up at the trees . it was a great day and we have so much fun exploring the forest .
woman dressed in warm clothes looking down a wooded hill . a bit of light shines upon various plants in the underbrush . a monkey looks on as it 's perched up on a tree branch . boy is climbing a tree in a forest a multitude of green trees grows behind the red field .
when i went on vacation last year i saw some interesting things . there were a lot of unique trees there . they were all very old . they were very unique . i took some samples of them .
an image of a woman with a white sweatshirt a bunch of big tree roots that lead into the ground . a monkey or lemur hanging out in the canopy . man climbing thick branch of tree in forest a brown section of dry grass precedes a lush section of greenery in a forest .
the hotel did n't have a bar . the downtown of this city was unknown to them . they tried many places to find a drink . but gas stations could n't help . they stared into the moon until morning .
a light on the side of the house with a moon on it . a gas stations gas prices sign during the night . a picture of a famous chicken restaurant is displayed . a sign that reads the lakeside is lit up . a christmas tree is decorated and has presents underneath it .
we drove around looking for a hotel room to stay at . first place we went to did n't have any rooms . then we came across a gas station that the gas prices were high . after that we passed a organization . then we finally got a room at the lakeside . in the lobby was christmas tree with lights .
the sign of a motel call premier inn is lit at night a sign showing the prices of gas at a gas station . picture of colonel sanders from the [organization] [organization] [organization] franchise . this image is of a black sign called the lakeside several wrapped presents are sitting below a brightly lit christmas tree .
the downtown area has lots of attractions and features wonderful lodging options . there are also lots of gas stations nearby in case you need to tour the city in your vehicle . there are also lots of restaurants , some of them fast food . some of the restaurants also offer more formal sit down options . this time of year , the town will be decorated to celebrate christmas .
lit up sign for the premier inn hotel . a sign of the gas prices , it had to be along time ago . outside of a [organization] [organization] [organization] at night an image of an illuminated sign called lakeside presents are under a christmas tree that is decorated for the holiday .
i went to a really wonderful wedding last weekend . the bride and her bridesmaids looked absolutely gorgeous . it was so precious when they cut the cake together . they are going to be such a great couple . their love was so apparent . we had a blast dancing the night away and watching all the festivities unfold .
a bride in a white dress and veil is posing . newlyweds pose for a wedding picture on a spiral staircase . bride and groom posing in front of building with columns . these two men are dressed in a tux at a formal affair . three of the men are in suits and the fourth man is wearing a tuxedo
the bride poses for the camera . the bride and groom walk the stairway . they enjoy the fresh air outside . the groom is next to the groomsman . lastly , we took photos with the groom .
a woman in her wedding dress and veil stands in front of a wall . looking down at a couple in wedding attire standing on a decorated spiral staircase . a bride and groom are posed in front of their attendants . two men dressed in formal tuxedo attire for formal event four colleagues are gathered to share a moment in their lives .
[male] and [female] 's wedding . all the bridal maids gather for a picture after they tie the knot , it 's time to cut some cake . the lovely couple togther . the dance party starts . what a great event
a woman on her wedding day wearing a veil . an image of a bride and groom that are on a stairwell a couple and the bridal parting taking pictures . two smiling men in black tuxedos and black bows friends in suits are taking a picture with each other .
we were first transported to organization organization in a windowless van . but when we arrived at the center , we were so overwhelmed we could n't decide where to look first . the shelves were crammed with wall-to-wall cuteness . look at these plushies . of course , we wanted to capture ourselves at this moment - we were in ecstasy ! there were some promos for pokemon saga going on at the time , so visiting the booth was a great way to wrap up the experience .
large sign with foreign asian lettering on it a group of girls on a store advertising pokemon products rows of pokemon toys are lined up on a shelf . a group of teenage girls and one creepy boy smile for the camera . the man and the woman are speaking on microphones
the organization bus told us we were in the right place . a whole store of pokemon stuff , cards , games toys ... lots and lots of plush toys . me and my friends had such a good time . there were plenty of costumed characters and cosplay .
an electronic advertisement wall in what appears to be japanese writing . groups of young women fill a pokemon store . stuffed pokeman characters sit on shelves to be sold . a group of young adults are smiling and displaying the peace sign . a mascot is dressed up while people are presenting on stage .
my friends and i were on a trip in another country . we found a pokemon shop and knew we had to go inside . they had plush toys of my favorite characters . we all enjoyed our time on the trip . it was very unique and the culture was vibrant . it was a good day .
a lighted advertising sign at night with pictures and writing on it . an isle in w pokemon toy store with people cartoon stuffed animals sitting on a shelf for sale all of the people are crowded together , posing for a picture . a man and woman are speaking into a microphone as a character stands by them .
today i got to take a trip to my husbands work . this is the trolley . here 's me and my husband at his job . wow , a rocket , i think it will go to location someday . what , a new car for the future , shhh , it flies but it 's hush hush . here is another car , this one drives itself . shh , do n't tell anyone .
woman in jeans and t-shirt sitting in tram in parking lot . a woman and men smiling close together on a tram a space rocket is getting repaired in a garage a futuristic looking car with a man looking inside a man is happy to be on a ride at the [location] [location] [location] .
today , they decided to visit the aerospace center . they were given rides in simulators . she screamed during the entire ride . she was particular interested in the control center . he was more fascinated with the rides .
smiling woman sitting alone in parking trolley bus a man that is smiling next to a woman . a spaceship that is ready to launch with permission . a man is looking in a unique type of car . man sitting inside a small blue pod in a building alone .
my husband and i were finally going on a trip to the location location location ! we got on the tram that leads you from the parking lot to the actual museum . when we got inside , they had an actual shuttle on display that was open so we could see the inside . they had lots of experimental vehicles on display and this really captivated my husband . he even got to test one of them out in a simulator . it was a great day and something we would definitely do again .
a woman sitting by herself in a tram type vehicle . a young man poses next to a young woman . a space shuttle in a shuttle bay at nasa a guy checks out a car of the future a man sits in a weird space ship car and pumps his fist in the air .
my husband helped out putting up the towns christmas tree . it took all morning just to get it into place . they had to call the fire dept in for back up to help raise it . my son could care less about the big tree . my husband got to climb the fire truck ladder and fix the top of the tree .
a man stands atop a ladder at the top of a tree . a fire fighter and two other men standing near a pole . a man is harnessed and up in a tree a person reaching over a tree to grab an object . a firetruck has its ladder raised in the air
christmas is near and these guys want to put lights on the tree . this is the tree they want to put lights on . the firefighters came out to help . the guy is helping with the lights . this guy climb to the end of ladder to finish putting up the lights . now the community would enjoy a brighter city for the holidays .
a man appears to be cutting down a tree . three men standing , two holding a rope by a bell . a man stands on a ladder to hang christmas tree lights from a tree . a man is on a ladder at the top of a green tree . a red fire truck with the ladder extended with a man standing on the ladder
the tree cutter went to work . the men supervised . the tree was getting cut . he took the top off . it was a job well done .
a man is using a ladder to string lights on a big tree a few men stand around holding a rope staring at something high up . a man in a white shirt trying to fish something a man is on the top of some pine trees and it looks like he is decorating them . a firetruck has its latter extended to the top of a tree .
our business class area has ample room to relax while waiting for your plane to depart . we even offer reclining chairs for lay-overs . inside the plane you can relax in or spacious chairs . each chair has a pillow that is hypoallergenic as well as soft . for those times your business requires a computer , we offer areas for your needs .
the room is set up with chairs and end tables . a luxury seat with pillows on an airplane . the sun sets and fills the sky with color at this airport . a lobby with lots of open couch seats and some people sitting in the distance . rows of black leather seats with white pillows and head napkins inside a plane
i waited at the airport for my flight . there were a lot of comfortable seats there . i got to ride in first class . the chairs were very comfortable . i had a great time on the flight .
a row of comfy chairs in a waiting room or office , a seat on the plane with a lot of room . the evening sky taken at an airport tarmac . lounge area of a hotel with comfortable seating black leather seats in an airplane have white cloths hanging over them .
this is the hotel lobby that we stayed at . here is where i sat on my private plane ride . look at the sunset . another shot of the lobby from the other side . here are what all the seats look like on the plane .
open well lit lobby area with seats and tables . empty chair on an airplane with a blanket and pillows . beautiful colored horizon lighting up sky at airport . modern looking yellow and green furniture in a waiting area . an airplane cabin with large plush chairs and pillows
some friends went to the bar . we all laughed at fred . [female] had a bit of a drunk on . selfies were great ! [male] really likes [male] .
five people inside an establishment having drinks at a table . the bar scene includes a lady and two men who are socializing and having drinks . a man is sitting next to his friend at a bar with two empty beer glasses . a young man and woman standing together . a man is drinking while another is looking at him .
i spent a few hours at the bar with my friend 's yesterday . i had n't seen them in a long time . they were very happy to see me . i also got to meet some new people while i was there . we drank a lot as well .
a group of people is sitting at a table in the bar three people enjoy a few drinks at the bar . a man in a gray suit sitting beside a woman with blonde hair . a man and women are wearing glasses , posing together man looking at another man who is about to take a drink .
pub day ! it was pub day ! everyone was happy and drinking like no tomorrow . even the twins were into it . [male] was n't happy though as they started playing the `` closing time '' song .
the man in the hat alerts all that the camera is being used three people sitting in a bar drinking beer . two people sitting at table with two empty glasses a man and a woman in glasses are looking at the camera two men are sitting at the bar and one is drinking
i walked down to the hot dog restaurant for some food . after i ate there i decided to take a walk down by the pier . the water was very calm at night . the pier was beautiful in the evening . i had a great time .
a view of a turetted building with other buildings in the background . the front door of this house is french door style and has red flowers growing around it . a person behind a hot dog and bun statue a man and a women cooking and serving food . night view of a working harbor with loading cranes and buildings .
our vacation was a strange mix of fancy and weird . the castle we stayed in was certainly fancy ! the door alone was enough to stun you . however , just down the street from the castle was this weird hot dog statue . it was outside a hot dog cookery . we had to go in and get one . the bay was back to fancy -- -a beautiful sight at night .
a large archway into a building with two steeples on either side of the opening when one door closes , another one will open . decorative hotdog character in a bun placed outside of a business . two winter coated people preparing a cauldron of soup and some coffee , outdoors . a quiet night on the river makes for the perfect shot .
these people came to go on a tour of the city . here is a church . the door of the church is very old . after the church , they went for lunch and found this hot dog . after lunch , they went on a tour and saw people making some food in a pot . as night falls , they go out on the water to see the lights of the city .
an image of a red building with two large pillars a door in a brick building is shown with holly and bulbs around it . a statue of a hotdog character applying ketchup is on a cart.by a door . a man and a woman work next to a steaming pot . the lake was lid up by the indoor lights of the house .
the church council gathered to hear about the missionary reports . it was an informal gathering as everyone sat in the sanctuary to hear the speakers . the head missionary told stories of successful work and happy children on their travels . the council listened and took notes . a luncheon with foods from the trip were served for the council .
a fat dude tells an awesome joke to a white-haired man . a group of people are at a church . a women speaks at a podium with an american flag in the background . this man listens intently to the conversation while the other man is busy doing something else . a dish that has horchata in it sits on a table
everyone was pumped up for the speech today , including myself . although there were not many guests , it did n't interfere with the event . [female] became the first guest speaker and she expressed the importance of drug awareness . i did n't bother to make a joke or anything since her speech made be breathless . afterwards , everyone enjoyed a great lunch .
a man doubled over from laughter next to another smiling man . a man stands 8n between the pews in a church . young woman speaking at indoor gathering during ceremony . two men sit together behind a glass wall . a bowl of [location] with a ladle and stack of cups beside it .
a church was an odd place for this particular gathering . but the horchata championships needed someplace to have their event . hundreds of entrants usually showed up . [male] wu gave out his secret recipe . [female] elderberry told the attendees about new organization horschata .
two men in white laughing in a church a man standing in the middle of the part of the church with a yellow symbol a young woman standing up next to a podium with a smile the two men sit and listened at the conference cold drink made from rice in a bowl on the table
this is a big explosive shell . there are lots of shells and other weapons in the share house . the weapons were unboxed and inspected . the shells were brought out for inspection . they prepared to load them on ship .
a person that is holding onto a rocket . multiple boxes are stacked along the walls in a storage facility . a crowbar is by boxes in a large crate . a big pile of bags of sand and piles of some other stuff . a strange display in the city that someone calls art
careful , that 's live . one spark and this place would blow . kaboom , that 'd be all she wrote . do n't forget the sandbags . easy , easy with those torpedoes .
a person holding what appears to be a missile . a bunch of boxes are stacked on top of one another . an image of a gun that is placed on a board missiles and other materials sitting at a military base . shipyard or port with many different cargo strewn about
we are getting ready for war in case the zombies come we are ready we have all we need nobody can take us down we are the proud soldiers
a person wearing a disguise on his face with a green military jumpsuit holding some type of weapon . this is a storage room with a bunch of packages stocked up . open crates showing crowbar on top after crates are opened . dozens of pallets containing crates and bags are sitting on a dock . a shipment of military armaments at a shipping port .
she has the look like this will be a long party . they light the minora and get on with it . he has a look of `` i do n't want to be here '' the cookies look delightful and delicious . she eases the mood with a stiff drink .
the woman is wearing a large sand dollar necklace . at dinner during hanukkah people enjoy food and drink . a man giving a glare to the camera . some coconut treats with crispy points on a dish . dazed woman drinking next to attentive man looking outside of frame .
[female] wanted to have a candle party . many came to look at all the candles she makes . she showed us all how she started them . she had lots of tealight type candles . and many pretty holders she makes as well .
a woman that is wearing a necklace in the room . a bunch of people gathered around for a jewish holiday the man is irritated at the picture being taken . something that is probably roasted coconut rests on a platter . group of people sitting around a table with open bottles .
my new girlfriend is jewish and from this point forward i celebrate holidays with her . the only symbol of location that i 'm familiar with is the menorah . some of her jewish friends did n't really think that i fit in . maybe they were right because i did not enjoy their food . the only way to get through the day was to drink lots of alcohol .
a young girl is sitting in the bay window beside flowered curtains . the family was at the dinner table with candles lit . a yound man in a white button up shirt is sitting at a table and is angry a group of some toasted dessert sitting in a dish . three people sitting at a table looking at a speaker off camera
we had so much fun at the halloween party . i loved the [male] krueger and [male] costumes . there was even a guy who looked like a cross between the joker and a rolling stone . [male] skeleton made his appearance at the party . and there was even the zombie characters represented as well .
halloween is the couple 's favorite time of year . a couple dressed up for halloween and having drinks . man and woman dressed up and kissing with the man holding a drink a dark-haired woman in black and a blonde woman in white hold each other . people in halloween costumes are gathered in a small room
everyone is gathered together to celebrate halloween . [male] and cleopatra pose for the camera . then there is frankenstein 's wife and a mad scientist . two friends come dressed as a prom queen and [female] [male] . as the party comes to a close the group poses for a picture .
two people pose for a picture in their halloween costumes . man and woman posing for picture at a costume party ; man is holding a cigarette and drink in the same hand couple dressed as the bride of frankenstein and the dr a woman is taking a picture with another woman . people are near a man wearing suspenders and holding a stick .
the couples halloween costume contest was about to begin . no one really understood this costume . no one really understood this one either . they thought this was something along the lines of mad scientist/frankenstein . this couple won . the judges where frat boys . after the contest the party really went wild and the group posed for a silly photo .
a man dressed like freddy kruger has his arm around a woman dressed as morticia adams . a man and a woman are wearing a costume . a couple are dressed up and kissing at a party . two women dressed up posing for a picture a bunch of people wearing some costumes together
on a drive to friends and good times . once there , we all sat down to have something to eat . sitting around talking is so much fun to do . as the day goes on more people showed up to this friendly event . well into the night everyone hung out , it was a successful get together .
a group of cars that are on the road . group of people sitting together with a woman in blue who is playing with a small wooden wagon . people gathered at an outside table for a party an image of a group of women having lunch together the crowd is standing in front of the american flag
on our way to aunt [female] 's holiday celebration/birthday party ! here 's [female] opening some items to start playing a game . all the adults decided to sit on one side . the larger group numbered around 50 . we continued eating well into the afternoon . at dusk we watched fireworks and gathered for a group photo with the flag .
highway 90 exit for [location] on a wet day . a substantial sized woman is seated , holding a wooden toy wagon . people sitting around a table together drinking and eating . a group of people sit at a sidewalk cafe while doing various activities . this is a night time photo of a gathering of people .
there is a long drive to the party tonight . we finally see the exit sign on the highway for the party . when we got there , all our friends are already there . some of the guests will be sleeping over tonight and sleeping on the futons in the living room . when all the guests have gone home , the host is vacuuming the living room .
a sign that says west [location] exit only standing tall on the highway . a woman being violent with a cigar box made into a wagon . the people are sitted around the glass table people are having lots of fun while having lunch in a restaurant 's backyard . people are standing around an american flag at night
this is a picture of three people . this is a picture of a group . this is a picture of apparel . this is a picture of two men . this is a picture of a crowd .
a man and a woman are sitting in some chairs men with [location] jackets stand in front of the american flag . olympic style outfits for men and women are being displayed . two men and a woman talking to each other people standing around and talking at an indoor gathering .
here at a location location meeting . they are showing the new clothing line for 2015 . the jackets remind me of robocop . pretty nice too . here is a lighter jacket and tee shirt combination that is really nice . here are a couple of the designers , give them props for great work . everyone will be wearing these to the matches .
a man in a red tie is standing on a stage a classroom scene with american flag in background , university . the olympic jackets and t shirts come in blue and in red . two men and a woman standing in front of a white christmas tree . special winter event at which people are mingling and interacting .
i went to the awards ceremony . there were many contestants . only 1 would be able to win the grand prize . there was a lot of tension . eventually the winner was announced and he was very grateful .
a man in a suit on stage is being watched by two onlookers in chairs . young men wearing american jackets stand in a room with an american flag . two mannequins dressed in jeans and olympic clothing sporting [location] . a group of individuals are having a discussion . different groups of people gathered in the winter time in a welcome building .
check out the view from this window . i love the large windows and balcony . the view is so beautiful and breath-taking , i can sit out here for hours . she is entering the building . this is our living space , it is kind of cluttered .
a green building that is on the corner a young child standing at the doorway of a balcony . a scene of the ocean from a high balcony a woman stands by a door on a european row house . this image is of the inside of a coffee shop .
the sun was just rising over the small town . there was a hotel that was on the far side of town . a woman and her husband and son were on vacation here . they were out on their deck , relaxing and watching boats . later in the day they headed out to tour the town a bit .
a building that is overlooking the streets of the town . the doors to an apartment open and a child looking out views of other buildings in a city can be seen over a guard rail the woman with the large white shopping bag is standing in the doorway and is touching the door handle . the dark room is lighted by two open doors that let sun in from outside
i went for a walk one day . there were many buildings in the area . they were all very old . some of them needed to be repainted . after i did some shopping i went back home .
a curved green building is two stories tall with windows . a small child standing in an open doorway . the view from a balcony above a port town . a woman posing in front of a white door on the street a view of the room that is the kitchen .
there was not much traffic near the house with fish . but the market had a lot of people and pretty trees that were green . many saw the cat that was nearby .
a view from high above a busy city many fish shaped kites are strung on a line a huge farmers market down a city street a view of the tree that is next to the wall . a black cat with a collar is laying on a sidewalk .
when i was on vacation last week i had a great time . there were a lot of events going on while i was there . the castle i stayed in had a huge wall . there was no way i could climb it . there was a great market nearby with lots of fresh goods .
the cars are driving down a tree lined street in an urban area a group of fish kites that are hanging on a string . street market vendors are set up all down the street a tree is growing wide and almost touching the rocks . the cat is very fat and waiting for the car to come .
it was such a nice day today , so i took a ride into town . i saw some decorations down the road , so i went to go investigate . i found a nice little farmers market and bought some fresh fruits . i sat and relaxed under a giant shady tree , and ate my fruit . i saw a stray cat relaxing on the pavement , and gave the cat a piece of food .
a view of the streets from the roof of the building . the flags are all different colors but same style a open air market along the side of the street . the old stone brick wall was shaded by the pretty tree a cat lies on a sidewalk , unimpressed with its surroundings .
everyday in my office a black and yellow bird comes to visit me . here he is now . i love seeing him . i wave to him and he waves back . he always sings me a song . it brightens my day . then this guys comes and my black and yellow bird flys away . until tomorrow , my friend .
a modern office is being showed in the picture . a small bird is perched on a piece of wood . a bird is seated on a yellow post a small bird that is perched with its ' beak open . small bird stands comfortably near urban space in daytime .
i saw the bird as soon as i walked in and froze . i did n't know if i should photograph it quietly or shoo it away thru and open window . i was enamored by the lighting upon the bird . i tried to photograph it , but of course it moved around when it recognized that i was there . i ended up getting an okay photo , just not the one i wanted .
the lamps are yellow and there is no person in the room . a bird sits atop a yellow sign and overlooks the street . black bird landed on a yellow pole with wings up a yellow bird sitting on top of a light . watching the bird , wondering what it will do next .
i love the view from my office . so often when i look out the window , there are birds . this little guy was perched here fro quite awhile this morning . this one stopped by only for a few minutes . this afternoon i was able to watch this one for awhile . being i love birds , it 's no wonder i love my view .
the room has many chairs with tables and lamps . a small , plump black bird is perched atop a yellow-orange pole . the little bird is perched on the pole . the bird is sitting on the yellow light making his belly look yellow . a bird that is in a controlled environment .
the city streets had trees in autumn foliage . there were beautiful flowers everywhere . the city was very bike friendly . there were all kinds of interesting vending machines that we were n't use to seeing . the quaint buildings had colorful signs around them .
a blurry image of a house is the background for a plant . red and yellow flowers provide a lively offset to the dark green leaves of these plants . a woman going into a convenience store while on her bike a [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] machine located outside of a building . oriental flags outside of a building that appears vacant
the leaves on the trees were starting to change colors . there were still a few bright colors to be seen . the boy drove his bike to the store . there was a small power station on the side of the building . the building was closed , but had just put up new signs .
in focus are some browish-red leaves , behind and out of focus is a building . close up of red flowers on green leafed plant a person is biking in front of a convenience store a [organization] machine with a picture of a battery on it next to a brick wall the front of a house has a wide range of bushes in the front flower beds .
we passed through the back yard on the way out the flowers outside always make the walk better . passed on to a street to stop by the gas station . passing the pumps on the way out . i decided to take the road back . i arrived back at the front of the house without issue .
a slender branch with red leaves appears , with a building in the background . orange small flowers dominate this dark green plant . a person on a bicycle going past an am-pm convenience store . a piece of [organization] electronic equipment sits next to a wall . a brown building with red and blue signs in front of it .
the turtles stayed at the reptile house . this turtle was named [male] . he was friends with this salamander . they both did n't want to be used as bait . they wanted to be sold to a nice person who would let them be alive .
a girl is looking at a large bucket with a frog in it the large turtle is laying in the water . small lizard walking on the concrete outdoors alone . a sink is filled with different fish and lobsters a woman holding up a tiny turtle in a gift shop .
[female] decided to go out to buy a new turtle for a friend . her friend [female] was the local owner and knew just what to look for . along the way she met up with her friend [male] who was having a walk on the beach . she wondered if she could find any turtles around here . after her trip she opened the box to show her friend her new turtle while they were out to eat .
a woman is watching a turtle swim in the water . a turtle that is relaxing in some water a lizard climbs up a concrete wall outside seafood in a sink full of water in kitchen area . the image is of a woman holding a ceramic turtle decoration .
it was time for a pet turtle . this is how big they can get . ooops i almost stepped on gecky ! they were going to feed him to these animals ! i choose this turtle , i think i will call him pikachu !
a blond woman standing in front of a water tank containing turtles . the turtle is big with brown and green colored spots on it . a small lizard that is resting in the sun . a lobster and some fish that are in a sink . a woman holding a small turtle in front of the camera
the brochure for the race was interesting . i saw this ball on the ground and it was very old looking . the track was all ready for the race . the horses were all out practicing . they were even playing a bit before the race .
two dancers wait for the music to start the girl is competing at an ice skating competition . she is an ice skater , perhaps an olympic ice skater . an ice skating couple perform in the corner of a ice rink . the ice skaters are performing their show in the ice .
a couple prepares for an ice skating dance together . first the girl shows off her skills in the rink . giving the audience a show , she displays her charm . now the couple takes the stage and steals the show . they dance together on the ice with ease .
two people dancing around each other in a dark lit room . a girl in a pink costume ice-skating with one leg kicked behind her . an ice skater skates through fog and bright lights . two figure skaters with perfect form aims to perfect their art and wow the crowd . the ice skating performers skate in a pair with fancy costumes on .
after the first two contestants finished their performance , [female] knew she had to try harder . [female] in her pink outfit started her first performance with an impressive one foot lap around the ice rink . she then landed in the center of the rink after a fantastic spin and ended her performance . immediately after [female] 's performance the couple from earlier started their second attempt . they were very impressive while they held each other and spun around , but even this second performance did n't distress [female] .
a man and a woman hold their arms out together . a female ice skater in a pink outfit performs her routine . a woman that is skating inside of the rink . a man and a woman in matching outfits ice skate . a male and female ice dancing pair skate together .
last nights halloween parts was crazy ! there were rockstars , princesses in beautiful gowns , even a cowgirl in a cool hat . everyone was on lsd and things got weird .
a man sitting alone at a table in a restaraunt the woman is wearing a marie antoinette costume for the party . a woman in a cowboy hat and scarf in between two others . a woman dressed up in a little bo peep costume . a black and white photo of people standing in a hall with a tv in the corner
i talked my brother into having a halloween party this year . [female] , his wife dressed as a princess . one just came as a cowgirl . another guest dressed like a fairy . by the end of the evening there were many people there .
a man is sitting by himself at a drinking establishment . a woman in a flowing white and gold dress . a woman wearing a cowboy hat smiles in a black and white photo a woman is wearing stockings and a dress in black and white a group socializes in a bar which is broadcasting a sporting event on a television screen .
my name is [male] , and i 'm testing my black and white camera for the school halloween party . here 's [female] in her costume . and [female] came with her friends . [female] went as little bo peep . everyone had a great time , and so did i .
a man in a dark shirt sitting at a table in a restaurant . a woman in a white dress is standing in a dim room . a women in a cowgirl hat with two of her friends standing in front of her . a woman wears a risque halloween costume with stockings . the gathered crowd were all dressed in an array of various costumes .
i went to the meeting today . it was very boring . the same man was talking for the entire meeting . he did n't stop talking . i was falling asleep .
a man in a suite is giving a slide show presentation . a man in a suit and red tie holding out both hands in a reaching motion . man wearing suit and tie is approaching man wearing a grey shirt a man in red tie is giving a lecture . a man giving a powerpoint presentation clasps his hands together and speaks .
the ceo came out to talk about his new plans he was very detailed about his actions there is much profit for everyone he hopes his ideas will work if not he will go work in a fast food restaurant
the man is discussing something with an obedience . image of a business man with a pink tie on with a black suit . a man in a suit stands as two other men look down at his feet . a man wearing a suit gives a slideshow presentation . a man in business suit giving a presentation near projection screen .
do you want to get out of debt ? let me show you how ! ( is my monitor working ? ! ) you have to work on the noi ! thank you .
a business man giving a speech or proposal with examples a man in a business suit makes a hand gesture while standing . several men stand around together examining something behind a desk . a man in a business suit and poorly fitting red tie gives a power point presentation . a man in a suit stands up to present a speech
i made a lot of new friends at the pumpkin carving party last week . everyone showed me how to make the best jack-o-lanterns . it was a lot of hard work . after a few hours we were all finished . they looked great outside at night .
young adults are enjoying time together at someone 's house . a group of people carving into pumpkins with knives . two friends having fun carving pumpkins for thanksgiving day . a little girl is standing next to a table with pumpkins a variety of carved jack o lanterns with lights inside at night
the smith family know they needed the best lanterns for halloween . work began early , with family members taking shifts to get the pumpkins carved . it was hard work , but they knew it would pay off in the end . at the end of they day , there was an entire table full of jack o lanterns . come night fall , the smith 's had the scariest house on the street .
a bunch of young adults hanging out in a living room . the adults are carving their own pumpkins for the contest . two girls pose for a photo as they carve pumpkins a young girl is checking out a wide variety of jack-o-lanterns . nine carved pumpkins glow with orange light in the dark .
friends gathered for a pumpkin carving party . when everyone arrived , they got to work . the worked hard for about an hour . they displayed the pumpkins on table . the most exciting part was turning off the lights to watch them glow .
five people are together in a white room . a group of people carve jack o lanterns together two ladies posing with three punkpins on a table . nine carved pumpkins sitting on a table in a garage a host of jack-o-lanterns lit with candles on a porch
i went to a new restaurant yesterday . the servings were huge . i got stuffed full of food . then i went for a walk to walk it off . finally , hours later i went back to my car and went home .
a caucasian man with some white beard smiling . a bearded man is in front of a huge plate of fries . man with beard making a silly face by crossing his eyes people are crowding around the tents where produce is being sold . street view of a live nude dancing establishment with cars parked out front .
this is the ferry we are going to take doggie is waiting for his owner , tied to a street light he ca n't wait to go ham on that plate of food making funny faces in a restaurant big city , bright lights is not my thing
a smiling man with facial hair in a room with a wall of windows . a man wearing a black shirts sits in a restaurant at a table covered in food a man making a cross eyed face for the camera . just another day at the local farmer 's market . a car parked in front of a theatre and dancing club
we went out for a tour of our vacation destination . we stopped at a nice place to eat and were forced to tie bowser up outside . [male] ordered a huge plate of fries . i told him not to eat them all . later that evening we headed to take in the night life .
a man with a beard is sitting inside of a restaurant a man sitting at a reataurant table with a big plate for fries in front of him . adult man showing goofy facial expression at indoor venue . people browing fruits and vegetables at a farmers market a business that hosts women live nude dancing .
the fans arrived at the basketball game . the dance team performed on the court . then the marching band played songs . the cheerleaders pumped up the crowd . [male] paterno offered words before the game .
fans cheering on a sports team in the bleachers . woman are standing on a gym floor with their legs in the air a band performing with various instruments in an auditorium a group of cheerleaders that are dancing on the stage . a coach is in front of all the students sitting down .
the audience roared with excitement ! the dance team did a performance , then the band played a song . finally , the cheerleaders all led us in welcoming our team to the court ! the coach was so excited , he could n't contain himself !
an image of young men lined up along a fence cheering on a sport team . a group of girls kick their legs up in a line an ensemble of band members playing music in a crowded indoor court . the girls are excited about cheering on their team . a gymnasium scene with people seated and the coach standing in front .
organization organization had never won a game . so they decided to engage in a group martial arts tournament . they trained night and day . even the cheerleaders took part . in the end they broke records and won the heart of everyone .
team supporters cheer as they hold white pom poms in the air . cheerleaders are dancing during a sporting event inside . a band plays on a basketball court to a huge crowd . a group of cheerleaders are making a cheer . a head coach making a gesture in an event called rally in the [location] .
food is being prepared for the party at the park . the food is being put on the park table . the children are quietly playing next to the table of food . the children like to play with the bubble machine . there are also blocks for the children to play with .
a woman leans over a table filled with potluck dishes . the table is covered with a disposable , flowery cover , and stands in a park with trees and grass visible in the background . a blond haired little boy playing with a popcorn popping toy two children play in the grass behind an automatic bubble machine blowing bubbles . closed ice chest with the sign `` chick beer '' taped to the top . children that are playing with toys on a table outdoors .
the neighborhood planned a potluck meal at the local park . kids were also invited , and many brought toys . the kids loved the wide open spaces , and they were allowed to run around and play . lots of food and beverages were brought to the outing . and , the kids had a blast playing with lots of toys .
a woman preparing a picnic of lots of food and games , for a get together . a kid has a look of surprise while he hold a push toy . park like setting with two small children playing . every picnic needs an ice chest full of chick beer , especially when it happens in the forest . a group of children that are playing with play-doh .
grandma made it so fun for the grand kids today . she made a picnic in the park . there was plenty of toys to play with . there was even an automatic bubble maker . of course grandma seemed happy and non stressed . grandma even made an alphabet game and everyone was the winner .
a middle age large women preparing a picnic table a young boy in an orange shirt holding a child 's push toy . a machine that makes a lot of large bubbles a cooler supposedly full of beer for women several children playing with clay on a picnic table .
a show and demonstration of ladies accessories . there were lots of items set up for this . boots , purses and other accessories were displayed . some were more expensive than others . an expert from the fashion industry was there to explain everything .
a group of shoes and accessories on a table . a lady displaying a shoe while another takes a photo a selection of women 's accessories on display , including purses , gloves , and jewelry , with many of the items having a leopard print pattern . a table showcasing boots , high heels , and purses . a woman gives a presentation while she stands behind shoes and bags .
i had a great time at the business meeting today . everyone had a ton of questions . i sold a lot of shoes . also sold some purses as well . everyone loved them .
you can get a purse , some jewelry , and a scarf to match your new purse . a line of women looking at various items on a table . a table displaying various apparel , accessories with leopard print the purses , boots and shoes displayed all match each other . a woman that is presenting her collection of goods .
new product line our stores will be carrying.today is an exhibition and discussion of features and suggested retail pricing . each region representative got to examine and photograph the merchandise . this i think was my favorite line.big fan of earthy tones and brown's.do n't know how i do n't spend my whole paycheck working in this place . this was the most popular line with the ladies.a lot had to deal with the color choices . [female] choose the previous picture line of merchandise to do her presentation on.i honestly think it was her favorite .
a table that has various accessories on it such as shoes and purses looking at some pursues and shoes to buy . this was how we set up the table at the last trade show a table filled with a lot of womens accessories adult woman stands behind neatly organized display of women 's accessories .
does anyone know an interior designeer to take this blank slate and make something beautiful it 's hard work to make design work of a wall umm this is not what i was looking for
some words are written onto a chalk board adult man stands next to white wall with sketched art . a drawing o a unicorn surrounded by bubbles . a toilet seat is framing a fish drawing . a young woman sits on a purple-cushioned papas an chair in a messy room .
[male] pointed out a spot on the wall that was completely empty . he decided it was too empty and needed to be drawn on . so he found some art supplies and drew a unicorn . [female] joined in and started drawing cool designs on the wall . their other friend , [male] , was just being crazy though , and his artwork was to nail a toilet seat to the wall and draw a fish in the middle . it was really funny , but not very practical . overall , though , they had fun decorating the walls .
a messy blackboard with the phase `` paint party 2005 '' written on the board . a man facing away from the camera looking at a wall . a pink and beige wall drawing of a unicorn with blue bubbles surrounding it a toilet seat being used as a picture frame with a picture of a fish in the middle . a woman with glasses that is sitting in the chair .
everyone decided to throw a paint party . first they drew doodles on the walls . then they painted them in . after that they hung up decorations to go with the paintings . at the end of the day , everyone was ready for a break .
a used chalk board advertises a paint party . a man looks down in a room next to a white wall colorful drawing of a pink unicorn with bubbles surrounding it . a toilet seat lid with the picture of a fish drawn in it . a woman rests in an oversized chair in a messy room
it did not seem to matter if the children played by them self on the playground . it did not seem to matter if they played in a group . what did matter was that when they sat and though , their play ground seemed to be missing something . one day a girl invited an adult to play . it was the most fun they every had on the playground . soon more and more adults were coming and having fun . the adults seemed to make their playground complete .
children are standing together by a net with people on the other side . two little girls are jumping amidst a group of playing children . kids can come up with the strangest ways to entertain themselves many children sitting down with their legs crossed . two women guide a group of children in an outdoor activity . the children are dressed in bright clothes and face away from the women . one child holds a ball .
my daughter loves to go to school and this was her first day . she was so excited . she made friends quickly and started playing almost immediately . at lunch she was watching other students play hula-hoop with a dog then it was quiet time and they all sat and learned about the game they were going to play with a green ball . at the end of the day everyone was exhausted and said their good byes and left for the busses . a good first day !
children play in the yard during their recess break . a group of children are playing and jumping outside . a boy is ready to jump on fuzz in a playground . group of small children sitting on the concrete outdoors together . a bunch of children supervised by two adults play together .
children await for the event to happen . once started , two girls are seen jumping in excitement . a child in a red jacket is focused on the wool . after much energy , the children need a break from the action . finally , the event goes on with another game .
a group of young children are standing around playing together a group of children that are having fun together . a child is playing a game with hoola hoops on the ground . children sit on the ground with a green ball , waiting for the game to start . a group of children with two adults playing a game
my friend [female] 's mother almost does too much for her birthdays . she always has a very fancy meal . she requires a dress code -- -this year it was red and black , with ties for the men . i think [female] sometimes feels a little overwhelmed by all the fuss . her mother has this silly tradition of making her wear a strange colored wig during the party . [female] hated the hello kitty on the guest cards . she has n't been into organization organization since she was seven ! her mother still sees her as a little girl .
wine glasses and a gold napkin on a white tablecloth . a man in a red shirt is wearing a long black tie people standing outside getting ready to go in . just fooling around and i put the blue wig on the man of the hour the pics from the party were so silly we decided to make a card with them
there are empty glasses on the table after everyone has had dinner . people are gathered around talking and catching up with their friends . people are lining up outside to take pictures at the photo booth . outside the photo booth there are many wigs you can pick from to wear , such as a blue wig . the pictures from the photo booth are so fun !
a table is set with a white tablecloth , gold cloth napkins , and wine glasses . the boys are dressed smartly in cherry red as they talk outside in the yard . a group of asian people with red and black on . a person wearing a curly blue wig and black glasses . asian men are posing for the camera with silly faces .
today we went to our friend krystle jozens 18th birthday party . everything started calmly enough with a little light music and lunch . we moved on to making home made ice cream . as you can see it was a hot day . as the evening went on we played games and won prizes . the birthday boy was dressed up as smurfette and pictures were posted to facebook . we had a blast at the party and have pictures and memories to prove it .
wine glasses and bowls are on a table two asian young men wearing red button down shirts . four people wearing color-coordinated outfits , with the men wearing red shirts and black pants , and the woman wearing a black shirt and red skirt . a man wearing a blue with with black clothes on . a group of people in different poses acting crazy .
my wife was so happy to bring our daughter . there were other people there to watch the performance . the men were protesting outside . behind the scenes were clever students . there was a team of students who created the performance .
the people are holding a sign stating bridge the gap the people are all looking in different directions . the students are sitting in the blue bleachers watching ahead . a young man with a hoodie smiles for a picture . people sitting on bleachers with some smiling at camera
today we picked to get a new healthcare for our state . alot of people showed up . this room was filled to capacity . these are some who attended the meeting . this is [male] , he was fully into this . large crowds for health care .
a man is holding a sign for health care group of people laughing while in stands of many other people group of young women sitting down on benches witnessing an event of some sort a man is indoors . he is wearing a grey hoodie and is smiling . in a seat behind him , sit another ma who is wearing a white hoodie . they appear to be an a semi-darkened arena or theater . a bunch of people sitting inside of a gymnasium
protest going on outside for equality health care . having a school meeting on health care . everyone learning about health care ! oh look its me one of my friends grabbed the camera . everyone educated on health care finally !
some people are standing outside holding up a banner . young people with adults at local gathering for event . a young girl wearing jeans , a long sleeve red shirt , and knitted hat sits atop bleachers and smiles towards the camera while other similarly aged females sit around her looking in different directions . a man smiling in a room wearing a hoodie . a group of friends are sitting in the bleachers
we crossed the bridge in the park heading for the stream . as we got closer , we could hear the water getting louder . natural rock formation provided glimpses of the area around the stream . when we got to the source of the sound , we found a waterfall . the waterfall and pool created a sort of grotto in the back wall of the rock .
green and orange trees are in front of a river with a bridge over it . the trees are skinny and the land is bare . the moss on the rock like structure in the woods a waterfall is hidden behind some green trees and shrubs water in a cavern with plants growing nearby and hanging off the cavern walls .
someone is in the bushes . he climbs up the bumpy hill . he looks down upon the stream . he comes across a beautiful waterfall . he then finds a secret passageway under the waterfall .
the bridge over the small stream in the wooded area a nice steep hill in the woods on a nice day a hole in an exposed root showing a camp ground . the majestic waterfall empties into a small pond . the entrance of a cave with standing water
we started our hike at the beautiful old bridge . next we saw the lovely tiny creek . from there we saw many different things along the way including this hole in the tree . this was far and away our favorite part of the hike . it 's beauty was only surpassed by its wonder .
a bridge is surrounded by green grass , trees , and shrubs . a peaceful stand of small evergreen trees along a trail a tunnel that is made out of rock with green leaves on the side a tall water fall pours into a small body of water in a wooded area . this is a very quiet place where one can sit for hours and enjoy .
the first thing we did when we got off the train in location , location was to feed the deer in the park . they are used to humans so you can find plenty of them near the entrances to the temples as well . it is hard to really show the scope of how large this particular temple was , but this is the exterior . i really loved seeing this giant buddha which had a very peaceful presence . inside the temple you could attempt to put yourself through this support post are said to be blessed with enlightenment in the next life .
a woman with sunglasses on posing next to an animal with a white male with eyeglasses on . small deer wandering around plaza near asian style gate . the outside of a temple has nobody on the sidewalk an oriental statue holds up its right hand . the man is exploring the cavity of the barrel .
a deer follows a man on the sidewalk . the man pets the deers mother . the deer gets close to the camera and the man snaps a picture . the man then goes to an asian temple of some kind . he then relaxes on a mini island .
a man and woman posing with a deer that 's laying down . a deer is staring close-up at the camera ; there is an asian building in the background with many people in white shirts and black pants . building with ornate peaked roof and orange columns a large buddha statue in a large temple . man with his head placed in a large wooden structure .
we met this deer while we were touring . we followed him along for a while . he actually took us to some cool places . we went inside to look at things . the deer actually stayed there like he was waiting for us !
couple posing by a deer that is laying down . a deer walks up to a man with a camera a large red and white framed building with an elaborate oriental style roof and cobble stone street in front . a statue has its right hand up in the air the rooster in the wooden coup on cement base
we stumbled upon some piece of art : a man and his beer . boots are the perfect addition to a man 's wardrobe . next , we moved on to more ... cutesy pieces . it 's christmas in july , the mother exclaimed . it seems we made a wrong turn and ended up in the ghetto .
a large glossy sports team logo hangs amid other items . advertising signs are placed together on a chain link fence . an odd statue holds onto a beer bottle please do not throw objects into alligator pens a female mannequin is dressed with a yellow shirt
it was a sunny day in gator nation we looked for t-shirt designs and saw an opportunity to get one air brushed my husband 's idea of entertainment was to drink beer instead . despite it being organization organization , we ca n't play with the gators but it did n't matter because we got ourselves a air-brushed shirt !
an alligator logo is hanging on a display . five signs are on a fence , all providing information . a small ceramic cowboy is on display on his back , drinking a beer a sign that hangs in front of an alligator pit . a lime green shirt that is displayed on a mannequin .
i went to a flea market with some interesting pieces . there were some great vintage boots . there were some slightly-deformed cartoon characters . even location made an appearance . but i do n't think i want to know what the puppies booth entails .
a large college mascot cartoon alligator head sign . a chain link fence with several signs hanging on it a cowboy figurine that holds beer bottles and appears to be drinking it . a sight that warns visitors to not feed the alligators a green sleeveless shirt with the words d g on the front .
the local armory is now part museum . it houses old cannons and relics from previous wars . inside , there are pictures of more modern combat . it also houses many guns and weapons , to show the technological advancement . usually , it is very quiet outside . but you can always find at least one or two veterans who return and sit outside , just remember their days at war .
a green machine gun on wheels is sitting on the cement driveway . three soldiers holding guns are standing against a building . a monument of old guns that have been previously used . miniature tanks sit outside in a manicured courtyard . a helicopter is fenced in on top of a roof .
the military museum included a lot of memorabilia . from wars spanning decades . and weapons used in all those wars . the front yard had replicas of tanks . and the roof held a replica helicopter .
a modern caisson mounted artillery piece with a trailer hitch . armed soldiers are about to enter a building . guns and other weapons are on display in this case . a collection of tanks that reside in a nearby park . a military helicopter parked on a roof with a building in the rear .
this cannon is displayed outside a war museum . the exhibits include soldiers carefully entering a building . these are some weapons used to fight battles over the years . tanks from old wars are lined up outside . there is even a helicopter on display on the roof .
this howitzer looks well cared for , but does it still fire ? the pictures captured what the special forces men went through . various weapons including rifles on display behind glass . two tanks on display with fences around them . a helicopter on display on the roof of a building .
all gathered waiting for their graduates to graduated waiting on them to call them out comes out and gets diploma takes picture with dad and takes picture with mom
a large group of graduates sit on stage at their graduation ceremony . banners hanging from a ceiling during a presentation . a woman wearing a dress and graduation cap and gown walks at her graduation . the recent graduate , still wearing her cap , poses and smiles with the man . a mom and daughter smiling proudly at a graduation
it was commencement time for [female] ! the whole stage was packed with faculty and graduates . her family caught sight of her before her diploma was presented . she looked a little nervous . afterwards , though , she was goofy as ever !
a group of graduates sit in chairs during a ceremony . five polka doted banners hanging from a ceiling . a young woman wearing a cap and gown over a patterned dress walks in her graduation ceremony . the lady stop to pose for graduation photo so she could have fun memories . a graduate poses with a woman after the celebration .
there were a lot of people attending the graduation ceremony today . the venue was beautiful . the students were very glad to finally go up and receive their diplomas . afterward it was time for pictures with everybody . it was a good day and everyone was very happy .
graduates are seated on stage at a ceremony . a digital display shows the audience words about innovation and technology . a woman in a graduation hat is walking he was so proud to finally see her graduate from college a woman with graduation cap is posing with another woman near public restrooms and other people .
she showed up to the product market . it was a nice day . here she is looking through all the fresh vegetables . they had amazing red onions here are one of the workers picking them . and when you 're done shopping , you can get a delicious salad .
the farm stand sign indicated to all who passed by that they could purchase foods . different types of green food being displayed in different containers . bunches of red sugar beets are held together by large rubber bands . person kneeling down in a field of green plants . a salad with baby pickles , spinach , hard boiled eggs , cucumber , green beans , purple onion , purple cabbage , and some sort of fish .
[female] went for a drive and stopped at a farm . there were many different lettuces to choose from . [female] really liked how deep red the beets were . [female] picked some vegetables herself . back at home [female] made herself a salad from all the delicious food she had bought at the farm .
signs adorn trees along a country road , signifying the drivers that a farm stand is ahead . a man selling green leafy vegetables on a stand and a female customer is on the other side of the stand red beats handing on some sort of plant a person is squatting down and facing an area of plants and shrubs . food is laid out on a round white glass plate
checking out the weather before i do some gardening . weather is cooperating so i bought the supplies . my husband got of photo of me and my favorite past time . later on we went to a farmers market for fresh veggies . the meal i prepared at the end of a long but pleasant day .
green space next to roadway with signage announcing farm stand . two adults standing net to a table assorting produce a bundle of purple radishes grows by the green leaves . a person in jeans is crouched by some ferns . a variety of food on a plate with a beverage .
after i woke up yesterday i went to head to the farm . i wanted to see all the horses there . i took a shortcut through the alleys . when i got to the barn the horse was glad to see me . i brushed him .
graffiti art on the side of a building in the shade . women and men having conversations while standing around white car parked in front of a two story home . a dark brown horse is standing up and looking at the camera . a brown horse is behind a wooden gate .
there are many shops and businesses near the shore . the graffiti on this building seems to actually be an improvement . this house really has a tropical look with the palm trees surrounding it . the streets seem to be quite this time of day , wonder where all the people are ? it is very relaxing looking out over the water and listening to the waves .
there is a colorful mural on the public wall . a group of people standing and talking among themselves a car parked in front of a city apartment . a close up view of a brown horse with a white stripe on its face the horse was beautiful but was shy when it came to take pictures .
looking at the art work on the wall . here we are trying to figure out what we are going to do next . here is where my cousin lives . one of my horses looking happy . here is the other love of my life .
graffitti on a wall with a roof over top people gather together in a neighborhood for an important discussion . a grey care is parked next to a building with bars its windows and doors . this is a horse in a very dark stable . a horse is looking at the ground of a stable
at the family gathering , some yard maintenance needs to get done . the family sits at the table inside to eat together . the dinner is steak , potatoes and a side dish . after dinner is story time and the kids listen closely . a nap is necessary after a long day .
small boy sitting on deck furniture watching two men do yardwork . a family is eating dinner together at an oak table . a baked potato , meat , and some kind of noodle salad a group of girls are looking at a book . a man and a baby take a nap on the couch .
we got together for a family barbeque . we set up the table and made the food . it looked absolutely amazing . afterwards we went through some family albums . then passed out from being so full .
two men digging in backyard in front of a fence while a small child watches from the deck a family gathered together around a table . a plate that is filled with an assortment of food . four women of various ages from infant to adult sitting on a couch together . a man and baby are sleeping together on a chair
the guys working in the yard before dinner . our sunday family dinner . plenty to go around . decided to read the kids a story after dinner . she kept him up late last night .
two men digging a whole in the grass group of people eating dinner in room with sliding glass door and oval wooden table . a gray plate with a baked potato , steak and macaroni salad the women , girls and baby are cuddled on the couch for story time . a man in a hawaiian shirt holding a sleeping baby .
the group got together to discuss the future of their company . the ceo introduced their speaker . the man stood and began talking to them about outsourcing their jobs . the ceo was apologetic but remained committed to his decision . the employees sat around the table , stunned . they were very disappointed !
medium sized group of people at a meeting . the teacher is sitting at the head of the table while the students eat . a group of office people are taking a picture while holding their thumbs up . a man in a business suit in front of a large table filled with people . giving a speech and telling them what will be going on .
young adults from local school come to learn about running a business in a business like meeting . during this time the high schoolers were given snacks and drinks as it were a long session . here is the whole group that participated that day.including the key speaker and ceo . a colleague and partner chiming in on what it takes to run a successful business . finishing up a dramatic , i was where you were.not thinking it was all possible.here i am today speech .
they are seated at a conference table eating . multiple people sitting around a conference table , having lunch . members of a company giving you a thumbs up . a man in a suit stands while other people listen at a meeting . the man gives a presentation using hand gestures .
the chief came to great us . he talked with us for awhile . we got to meet his whole team . another man came to great us . the chief waved to us as he left .
the people got together for a meeting during the day a man and a group of young adults are having a meeting . a group of business casually dressed people posing . a man speaks to happy people at conference table . the man is putting on a presentation in a meeting .
i 've decided to collect old magazine ads and articles , also perhaps photos . this is a photo of what appears to be a medical facility . old dental ads are great . organization organization tubes seem like something from an old monster movie , and might be . an old ad from a college for souvenir spoons tends to make one giggle a bit .
a page in a magazine advertising for a hospital a picture that shows the view of a surgical preparation room . a vintage advertisement for a dental equipment manufacturer . the picture of an unusual structure was on display . an old advertisement shows a picture of a spoon
this is a flyer of where we 're going this weekend . it 's an old building offering different things from the 1800 's . [male] be totally awesome to see this . i love it . some of these things , i have never heard of . the place is called the plexus office .
the front page of early 20th century newsletter the plexus from the medical , [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] , [location] . an old photo depicts a scene from long ago a antique flyer containing advertisements for a company . advertisement for volt-ohm tubes stating they are long lived and accurately focussed an antique advertisement for a sterling silver spoon .
i looked through the manual . there was nothing in there . not what i was looking for . just page after page . it was useless .
old , ink advertisement or announcement printed on white paper an old-fashioned hospital ward with a doctor and nurse in the background . old dental flyer depicting modern tools of the time . an old advertisement displays the vacuum tubes of [organization] [organization] [organization] . a piece of paper depicts a spoon that is a souvenir for doctors .
this is a picture of a crowd . this is a picture of the army . this is a picture of soldiers . this is a picture of a sign . this is an interview .
a baby wearing a red hat and denim jacket is held by a man in an army jacket , while a woman looks on . a soldier in uniform holding a little toddler a man in uniform that is holding a small child . a soldier holding his girl that he missed . the girl wears black pants and is carrying a large camouflage backpack .
the families were waiting in anticipation for their loved one to return home . the unit got off the bus and were congratulated by their fellow soldiers . the unit starts to file into the gym and see their families . a poster announcing what unit was returning home . the television news came and produced a story on the unit 's homecoming .
the baby girl is getting to meet her daddy for the first time . a [organization] [organization] soldier is holding and looking at a young boy . a soilder in uniform holding a baby in his arms the little girl is being held by her father , while smiling at him a young girl smiling and wearing a very large , full military back pack .
although these pictures are sweet are they really needed . we see this as inspiring but shouldnt it be sad . these men only go to war cause of the hatred in the world . we get so happy to see them home , but why send them in the first place . kids should not be denied their parents .
a man is holding a young baby girl in his arms . a young army man holding his child , both are wearing coats a soldier holds a small baby and smiles . the soldier is holding the little girl in his arm . a young blonde girl carries a large military back-pack .
[female] is so happy . today is her birthday and everyone is at her house to celebrate it ! [male] and [male] even convinced their band to show up and sing [female] 's favorite rock songs . [female] is having such a great time she decides to call over even more people . [male] and [male] just arrived only five minutes ago and they are already having a blast . at the end of the night [female] and all her friends get together and take silly birthday photos .
someone took a photo to the woman wearing black dress on a party young men in a band play music in joy . a young woman talks on the phone while sticking her tongue out . two guys playing around at home in the kitchen a group of four friends are having fun in a small room .
we went to see my friend 's band . i ran into an old friend ! we were all joking around . i called my other friends to tell them he was here . we all had a fun night .
a girl with freckles wearing necklace smiles meekly . musicians that are playing in front of the audience . customer service with a smile . the noise place allows for a happy conversation regardless of the situation . a man in a kitchen is making a silly face behind another man . people are having fun at a small party .
the live music was impressive . the girl liked the music so much she gave a kiss . the boys are having fun . this girl likes the music . the girl nows how to lay down some pain .
the partygoing woman is surprised at being photographed four young men in a playing in a band a woman smiling whilst talking on the phone . the two guys are making faces in the kitchen . a group of friends that are drinking out of the beer funnel .
creating a geodesic dome out of glass is a painstaking process . the tiny triangles all have to be fitted together precisely . these , then , form larger triangles which are then fitted together to make the dome . in the end , all that 's left is to take a picture of this unique structure .
the man is wearing a greeein t shirt and a multicolred ring hands fixing a triangular setup of clear lights a man is holding a triangular object in his hands . two men wearing green uniforms wiring a sphere shaped item . an intertwining piece of metal and glass in triangle shapes
we had been working hard all week to finish building our space ball . we had to wait forever to get all of the panels assembled . we had to climb all over the structure . it was really difficult to fasten them all in place . after a long time we finally finished it .
a person wearing a green shirt has their hand on tin foil man playing a new game in a wooden frame a metal triangle made up of highly decorated triangular panels . two people that are constructing a dome together . a picture of the ball from [location] [location]
[male] started to make aluminum sculptures . once he started he could not stop , he mad huge creations . he made a triforce but took it a step further . now it 's a giant aluminum ball ! to this day it stands in central park !
a tack is placed on each of the eight triangles . man placing silver triangle pieces into a larger box . a metal triangle is filled with smaller metal triangles . two people hoisting the ball of light in times square . a section of the ball that drops in [location] [location] on new years eve .
this weekend i went to a costume birthday party for my best friend [female] . here 's [female] and another friend around the cake that we bought her . three costumed ladies after a few drinks . one too many drinks for [female] apparently ! the night ended when we all passed out near the pool .
a woman wearing a head scarf and a plastic stethoscope . a bright birthday cake with a woman dressed in a black top hat singing to another woman . three brunette woman smile and pose for a picture . women on floor as seen at festive gathering with cotumes . two women are enjoying an intimate moment in the water .
last weekend 's halloween party was so much fun . we had a cake . i spent a lot of time hanging out with my friends . we took so many pictures . everyone had a great time .
this woman is wearing very bright colors of green and red . two women that are enjoying a birthday cake . a group of friends that are having fun with each other . two women in costume , one with blood on and syringe in chest . two woman are lying and sitting on the ground next to a pool .
this women came out of a story book she entered the real world . she saw many magical things that the real world had . she even made friends with a few ladies . one of her friends fainted and she needed true friendship to wake her up . so the women from the story book offered her true friendship and her friend woke up .
a woman in costume with a toy doctor 's ear probe thing . two women in costumey outfits pose with a cake lit with lots of candles . three women sitting on a couch posing for a photo . a woman in a green smock with a red heart on the front , attending a person on the ground who has a syringe on her chest two women , one in a green cape with a heart , and the other dressed in pulp fiction attire .
it was a packed house and [male] was ready to give us a crash course on how data entry worked . standing in front of a cool digital chalk board he began writing down important information that became instantly displayed . there was no question that [male] could n't answer and he was more then happy to answer all of them . a person in the audience stumped [male] for a moment , but he quickly returned a answer with a bit of a joke . as the presentation drew to a close [male] took one final look at his notes .
man standing in front of an illuminated display board showing financial information . an instructor giving a lecture with a digital display of words behind him . a man is talking in front of a news board . political conferences are important to communicate ideas to come to a solution . man aramid f in front of schedule for commencements
today i went to see my old teacher give a speech . he was very informative on economics . he made the speech come alive . he really knew his information . all in all i learned a lot today about economics .
man standing in front of stock market ticker teacher going over his notes for his college class a man in a blue button up shirt in front of a lit board older man standing in front of many words . a man giving a speech with news reports on a screen behind him .
i am teaching a class about technology . i am teaching my students about new idams they are also learning about hard drives . i hope my class is an inspiration to others . class went well today hoped everyone thought the same .
the man is talking to the group about stocks . a man standing in front of an electronic board . a man speaks in front of an electronic sign . a man is pictured in front of a news board . he stood up to make a an example of the everything
[female] is turning 21 today ! [female] makes her wish . time to enjoy some of the wonderful cake . friends at the party for [female] . [female] is really enjoying herself and feeling pretty good !
the menu seems to be exciting and she is waiting for the waiter to write down her order . happy time at a restaurant of choice . women dressed in black at a social gathering in a red room . two women pose together smiling at a restaurant . the woman is being presented with a chocolate birthday cake . an image of a woman in front of cake
it was my birthday today . my friends too me out to dinner . they watched me open presents . and they got me a cake . then they sang happy birthday and embarrassed me .
a woman is wearing a pretty dress at a restaurant . three women dressed in black smile at the camera . two young ladies are taking a selfie together a cake is held out to a birthday girl a birthday party is commencing for a young woman .
she is having her eighteenth birthday party . a group of her classmates pose for the camera . her two best friends attend the party . they all sing `` happy birthday '' to the girl . she makes a wish before blowing out the candles .
a woman with long , brown , curly hair is seated in a restaurant . all three girls are dressed in black and smiling . a blonde and a brunette are smiling for a photo . what appears to be a part of adults clapping and looking at a cake with candles . a celebration scene with a woman looking over a cake at a table with others .
we invited some people over for a barbeque today . we made some kababs . after that we had a little alcohol . we made margaritas ! the kids were distracted with the dog . after a few drinks i took a quick bathroom selfie .
two men and a woman talking outside while one man is cooking on the grill . the shrimp is seasoned and ready for the grill a laughing man mixing a drink in an electric blender . the dog sniffing the little girl in the room a man standing in a bathroom taking a picture of himself in the mirror .
when life gives you lemons.. make lemonade out of it . that what i did . at first i was quiet about it . until i met this guy . i love this guy . now i am a open and proud about being gay
a redhead woman talks to a man while he 's grilling . raw meat has been well seasoned and skewered . [male] made margaritas last night for all our guests . the girl is standing near the animal and the food a man taking a picture of himself in the bathroom
the family gathered around the grill to celebrate . we had some shrimp skewers to cook on the barbie . [male] was having a little too much fun . [female] kept on trying to feed blazer everything she was eating . [male] stole the camera and took some pictures of himself .
a man is spraying something on the the grill while people look at his activity . raw food on kabobs with seasonings on top . a smiling man poses next to a blender and a bottle of liquor . a young girl and her dog stand near the fridge . a white man takes a mirror selfie with his camera .
we went on a tropical trip . at one point we got up close to some monkeys , and got to see some people play with them . the monkeys also enjoyed to play with each other . after watching the monkeys we had to have a light lunch . we enjoyed the rest of the day by the beach watching the sunset .
a beautiful tropical setting abounds complete with lush green plants . an indian man with a cigarette is petting a monkey . two monkeys playing while one is on a leash . a small plate with two pieces of food on it and a fork . a beach front with palm trees and tables and chairs .
welcome to location location location location ! the tourist is hungry . he sees the two monkeys . here . let me catch them and cook them for you . here 's your monkey dumplings !
a home is raised in the photo with lots of trees around it . an older man checking behind the ears of a medium sized monkey . one of the two monkeys has a chain and collar around his neck . a plate and fork with two white morsels on it a collection of objects that are on the sands .
when i was on vacation i had a very unique experience . i got to play with many monkeys while i was there . they were very mean and took most of my food . i had little to eat while i was there because of the monkeys . after i left i was glad and i do n't want to see anymore monkeys .
a residence on stilts sits behind a line of skinny trees . man smoking cigarette touches monkey on a leash . one monkey has a leash on , but the other is free . this is two fishes on the plate with flower designs palm trees on a sandy beach overlooking the water .
the streets were empty early in the morning . our group began to gather along the roadway . it was rainy day , but some people did n't mind the bad weather . people took pictures of us as we marched past . finally we made it to the capital building .
a man in the distant walking down an empty street a group of men standing outside a building some vendors are set up outside of a building and people are walking and sitting in the area . a person in [location] dressed in an outfit with the english flag baloons are in the front of a capitol building
this year we went to a new city for our family vacation . when we arrived it seemed there was a protest going on people gathered under tents . many onlookers took pictures . when the crowd dispersed all that was left were balloons in front of the capital .
strangers walk down the busy foot-traffic area and are intent on their own worlds . men who are protesting assemble outside of old city buildings . a few people are sitting on a bench on the patio . a man takes a photo of the street from behind a barricade as another is adorned in the flag of [location] . a bundle of balloons is in front of the building .
the man walked the parade route to ensure everything was set up properly . a crowd began to gather in anticipation for the event . a few bystanders rested on nearby benches until the parade began . parade watchers began to take pictures to remember the event . balloons were released in celebration of the event .
people walk down the street and the sidewalk in a city with no vehicle traffic . protesters are standing around while holding a giant white sign people are standing and sitting at a walkway the people near the phone booth are taking pictures a big white building wish balloons in the front of it .
the wedding day was a success . the bride looked beautiful . they were both so very happy together . the flower colors looked just perfect with her dress . they make a cute couple .
the woman in white wore a flower crown as she posed in between the two men . a man and a woman , both terribly dressed , pose for a wedding or prom picture . a husband and bride sharing their wedding kiss . they gazed into each other 's eyes until he laughed a man and a woman showing off their wedding rings .
the wedding was beautiful yesterday . everyone had come to show their support . the couple was very happy to finally be getting married . they had been waiting for this moment for a long time . everyone had a great time .
three people smile as they wear formal clothes . bride with who appears to be her groom in a living room the bride and groom are holding hands and kissing . a bride and groom holding hands outside on the lawn . a man and wife holding hands . they have matching rings .
the couple posing with the brides father . we then got a nice photo of the couple together . here is the new married couple enjoying their first kiss as a married couple . you could see the desire as they looked into each others eyes . a wonderful picture of their wedding rings .
a photo of a bride and groom and officiant . the man in glasses is hugging the woman in glasses . the beautiful bride in the white dress is kissing the groom . a dressed up couple looks at each other a couple is holding hands showing off their wedding bands
my brother recently graduated college . it was a formal cap and gown event . my mom and dad attended . later , my aunt and grandma showed up . when the event was over he even got congratulated by the mascot .
a graduate poses with his cap and gown on after graduation . a graduation class walking across stage to get there diploma . a man and woman together as a couple . three women gather around a man in his cap and gown to pose for a photo a graduate in a cap and gown posing with a [location] school mascot .
[male] on his graduation day . [male] as he hugs his fellow classmate on stage , [male] and [male] are so proud of [male] we took a picture with [male] as well ! the location mascot had time for the fresh graduates .
a young man smiling at the camera who is wearing a cap and gown . student are hugging on a stage at a graduation . 1 man and 1 woman posing outdoors after a graduation the generations of women pose with the graduate on graduation day . a recent college graduate poses with his college mascot .
today was graduation , and schyler was extremely happy . however he was nervous about what the future would bring . his parents assured him that he would do well in life . that helped a little . of course when [male] the squirrel gave him life advice his whole demeanor turned happily schyler is now ready for life , after the first big chapter ending high school .
a caucasian male smiles in his graduation cap and gown . a graduate is hugging another graduate during a graduation ceremony . the man has his arm around the woman while posing for a picture . three ladies posing with a recent graduate dressed in his gown . a man in cap and gown standing with a mascot .
some of our first guests chat at our house warming party . [female] helps herself to some of the snacks . all are gathered in the living room talking and having a great time . [male] does a little dancing to the music as [male] looks on . the snacks sure were enjoyed and disappeared very quickly indeed .
a group of people sit in the kitchen , with one woman tired in a chair . she made herself a plate of pancakes for dinner the people are sitting together and the men are wearing ties a man wearing black is dancing in the house dirty dishes , utensils , and glasses sit on a polished wooden table
it is time again for our monthly gaming party . no party would be complete without some snacks to fuel our furor . we 're all together now , and the competition is heating up . [male] rules in the kareoke class . he always gets five stars . what a ham ! the losers have to clean up after everyone .
a woman sleeps in a chair while two people socialize . young woman preparing food on stove in kitchen . a group of teens watching something on tv . a boy in a suit poses as another watches while sitting . just got finished eating and the plates are still there .
when everyone arrived we all got ready to go . we got in the car and went to the restaurant . there were a lot of people on the guest list . we were finally seated . we had a great time at the restaurant .
they sat in the kitchen as they watched their friend sleep a girl is standing in the kitchen in front of the stove . group of people watching television in living room a kid demonstrates [male] dance moves in a living room . three empty plates with some hinted speckles of food leftover .
me and a friend decided to go on a hike . it was a cold afternoon . the mountain was high and there were many rocks . we saw so many rocks we decided to build a tower with them . we ended up getting all the way to the top .
a sign informs hikers of which way to walk to get to certain places . two people with backpacks walking in the woods someone walking through a jagged rock trail in the woods . a stack of six different shaped rocks on top of tree stump . two hikers taking a picture in the wilderness
today we are going on a little hike . he already seemed lost . she is exhausted after looking at how far there is to go . we ran in to a pile of rocks . we finally made it to the top . it was well worth it and an accomplish mission .
a trail sign is in front of a forest directing hikers . the man is walking through the woods with a backpack . a girl walking through the woods with lots of large rocks a pile of six rocks is stacked precariously high two friends enjoying a hike up a mountain , relaxing .
[female] and friends went hiking to find a spring . they walked many miles and saw a lot of green leaves . but finally she found the spring and spread her arms open in triumph . the spring was beautiful and well worth the hike .
three trail direction signs in the middle of the woods man walking through the forest , surrounded by autumn trees with red leaves . a girl is walking through a rocky forest in the fall . a pile of six rocks stacked on top of each other . two hikers on the ground in front of a mountain range
last night , my friends and i went to a party . there were lots of our friends there celebrating . some people were wearing wigs and silly hats . some had even painted their faces . by the end of the evening , it had gotten quite cold and we had to wrap up in blankets .
a photo of three women posing together in cold weather . a group of friends posing for a picture at a party . two people in costume are in this picture . a woman smiling at a man with hamburgers painted on his face and a leopard cloth around him . two woman wrapped up in a blanket sitting down on a bench .
the camping trip started at night . we got to the cabin and decided to take a picture . it was the first time we had seen each other in years . some of us decided be silly and wore wigs . others decided that face painting was the way to go . as the night wore on , we snuggled together in blankets .
three females with various types of makeup on smiling together . ladies are seated together watching in same direction a woman holding a bottle , with large black hair , and a man in a pink skirt and white hat sit at a table . one person with face paint talking to another person , two girls are wrapped in a blanket as they watch others around them .
ive got an interesting group of friends . they all think they belong in different time periods . so each weekend they get together and play dress up . i think the goal is to look like there from the 70s . but maybe its just to hang out .
three women smiling and posing for the camera a group of men and women some wearing costumes and others with painted faces a white couple in matching costumes , leopard skin print sashes , relax outside a barn after dark . the woman wearing a huge black afro wig holding two bottles of beer appears distracted.the man in a crushable hat is just smiling into the camera . man smiling at camera while woman smiles at him a pair of women are covered up in a blanket .
today my band played live . we are such a fun group to be around . one our fans even made us food . another fan made us a t shirt . we will play anywhere and everywhere .
the people are outside in the cold at night a band playing music in a music club dessert is in a small bowl on a plate a shirt about the defensive team of the [organization] [organization] [organization] the bar and deli are a great addition to the neighborhood .
everyone gathered for a nice night out . great music was heard throughout the night . so many yummy treats to try . the local team was well supported . now off for a good lunch the next day .
during the evening a group of people wander around in a messy neighborhood . a band of guys playing instruments inside of a club . a food item in a white bowl with glaze over the top a black shirt with pictures of four people shanie gay vilma and fujita and the words meet the saints a reflection of a building in a car on the window of a butcher shop in [location]
during our trip to the city , we decided to go to a club . the atmosphere was pleasant and the people were so friendly . the stage was ready for the musicians to play , all we needed was for them to show up . eventually they did , and they put on one of the best shows i have ever seen . to wrap up the wonderful night , we decided to treat ourselves to dessert .
people are walking on a cluttered street at night . a band featuring a brass section is playing in a club . a picture of a fancy dessert at a restaurant . black tshirt with four different faces on it with words above it that say `` meet the saints ! `` . a sign advertises a butcher 's swine bar and deli .
i decided to take a walk in the park today since it was such a nice day . i usually walk past the graveyard when i take my walks . i decided to stop and take a look at some of the gravestones , which i have never done before . i could n't believe how old these gravestones where , they were amazing to see . this gravestone from 1863 caught my attention . his wife was so young when she passed away .
an empty graveyard has a lot of trees the forest next to the cemetry is green in color a weathered and worn grave stone for [male] rests on a slab of concrete on the ground . a flat square headstone on a plain slab base . the headstone of a human dating from 1839 to 1863 is still fully intact and saying in the ground .
it was a bit of a walk . to get to the old graveyard . but the family had come to see a few graves . the graves of old family members . they managed to find a few despite how old they were .
there are some gravestones on the far side of a trimmed field . a graveyard with very old tombstones some of which are flat on the ground . this white stone marker is a tombstone for someone with the name `` [male] '' who died on november 26 in the 1850 's . the headstone is for someone that died in 1860 . a gravestone made from limestone with a death date of 1863 .
[female] passed away in 1936 at 78 years of age . alvis died in 1860 and was laid to rest in this cemetery . nikotie passed in 1863 at the age of 23 . she was married to [male] . [female] died in 1861 at the age of 90 . this is the cemetery where these people are laid to rest .
a view of an older cemetery section from a newer section . small grave markers and small headstones in an old cemetery a flat head stone is covered in white . a gravestone depicts a woman 's death date and name . a worn old grave marker made of stone .
this is a picture of two friends . this is a picture of two women . this is a picture of a woman 's shoes . this is a picture of legs . this is a picture of hands .
two woman with good looking teeth smiling for the camera in a closeup . what a great friend she is for me , i tell her everything . a woman with very black panty hose and hidius black shoes two pair of feet of people wearing different colored pants . a woman whose hands and wrists are covered in jewelry .
i went to my friends party yesterday . he was very happy to see me . some of the people there were complaining about pain on their body . there were quite a few people complaining about it . i decided to leave after hearing all of that .
two curly haired women are smiling for the camera . two smiling women with short hair , one woman is wearing a red tank top a close up on a woman 's high heeled sandals . the lady is wering b ; ck heeled shoes with blue pants a women wearing a red shirt is showing off her jewelry
[female] has n't been able to hang out with her best friends in a long time . [female] and [female] have been friends since high school . [female] and [female] have been friends for about 5 years . they love hanging out and comparing their favorite fashions . [female] loves [female] 's shoes . she told her she would love to borrow them sometime . [female] also loved [female] 's shoes . these were [female] 's favorite pieces of jewelry .
two smiling women have dark hair and one has a pink ribbon in it . two women posing with their arms around each other she wanted a picture of her pantyhose and shoe style taken . two people sit , a man and a woman . all we can see are their legs and shoes . the woman is wearing jeans and buckled sandals , the man is wearing leather shoes with laces and khakis . unique turquoise jewelry adorns the hands and wrists of this woman .
last week i went on vacation . i had a great time diving and catching wildlife in the ocean . one of my friends brought their toddler along . we had a great time while we were there . afterward we went to do some sight-seeing .
two race car drivers dressed with logos all over them are having a discussion . look what i caught out in the ocean today . this will be a great picture for his high school senior celebration a man in front of a [organization] banner holds his hands up victoriously . having a great day at the diamond head state monument .
i got to talk with some of the racers . this guy was awesome and we thought his hair was cool . there were people of all ages attending the event me pretending like i had won the race . had to get a picture with the sign before the day was over
a race car driver is interacting with a racing fan . a man shows off the lobsters he has caught in the ocean . a baby that is sucking onto a pacifier . happy to be there , the fan raised his hands in triumph . a man is standing next to a sign that reads `` [female] head state monument ''
[male] decided to go on a trip to see some car races in location . while there , he got to meet and greet some of his favorite professional race car drivers . he got to take pictures from the side of the track that was not open to just anyone . [male] has had a love of race cars and car racing from a young age . at the end of the night , [male] received a jacket from his favorite driver 's sponsor . it was a great day for [male] !
two men having a discussion both in [organization] apparel . many lobsters strapped to a man without a shirt near the water a baby wearing a pacifier that represents two teeth . man holding up hands indicating win at large outdoor type event . adult man stands next to sign at famous tourist site .
the girls were out side making funny faces . these girls are something else they enjoy all the fun they are having with each other . the little one enjoys dancing around with the photographer . lets go on a walk mommy . at the end of the day they see all of the interesting thing that they have done and they can put them in a special scrapbook .
the young girl is dressed in white blouse and red pants two little girls are standing on the sidewalk , with a brick fence in the rear . two young girls stand side by side on a sidewalk posing for a photo a piece of felt with pictures and decorations on it . out and about in town on a lovely day .
i had a great time waiting for the bus today . we took a lot of pictures together . we had a lot of fun . we also made a collage . when my mom showed up we all went home .
a young child is wearing a [organization] shirt and shades . two smiling little girls are on the sidewalk . two young girls wearing dresses while posing on a sidewalk . a collage of family photos are arrange on a pink background . the mother and two girls are walking on the sidewalk .
today was [male] 's last day to see her sister . [male] posed with her sister rianna , trying to get a good memory for a photo . rianna held onto dad not wanting to go . mom grabbed her though and quickly led her away . all that remains of the families relationship is this scrapbook page .
a child looks at the camera as she wears sunglasses . young girls having a good time while standing on sidewalk . two girls in dresses are posing on the sidewalk . a scrapbook page of a family of five . a girl in a purple dress holding her mother 's hand .
the marching band played a beautiful melody . there were even supporters that came out from a hotel . the event was very loud and important . we even saw a [male] member of a church to support the gathering . even if somebody is [male] , they can make mistakes .
a band performing on the street near buildings people are looking out the windows of the building . a crowd of people on a sidewalk looks in the same direction . a group of people dressed up are standing on the sidewalk . a man wearing a white shirt is holding a protest sign , while looking at the man in a black jacket .
margret thatcher is honored by the british guards band . the community is saddened by the loss of [female] thatcher . even the news media is interested in the funeral procession of a great prime minister . many public officials will be by to honor the ex prime minister . some people are angered by the current prime minister and prefer thatcher to [male] .
a military formation marches in the street with musical instruments . a concrete building has people looking out its windows . people are standing next to a statue outside of a building people stand around talking to each other after church . the man is holding a sign in protest with a large crowd around him .
the band played the music in a reverent way . they brought the casket out . they placed the casket in the hearse . the dignitaries followed behind . they had a gentleman give an account of the happenings inside .
a group of people that are dressed in uniform and holding instruments . people looking out the window at the ground below . a group of people taking pictures at what is going on . everyone was dressed formally and socializing with each other outside . a man is holding a sign in protest .
there are many types of horns and bone . this is a ram horn and it has been shined well . next there is a horn that has been made into a pipe . a curved horn has been rubbed and shined . finally there is a straight piece of bone that has been shaped .
black and brown animal horn hanging on wall a long black and purple twisty horn on a white surface . a fossil is shaped like a curve on a table a large sounding horn is displayed on a wall . a long thin piece of wood with striations at the top half and smooth texture on the bottom half .
i 'm doing a report on ivory pieces . i have found many different kinds . i really like this black one the best . this one is shaped rather interestingly . this is a long tusk used for making canes .
an object that is oddly shaped hanging on a wall . an animal 's horn has been polished so it shines . a tampered curved object against a white background . a hook or architectural detail hanging on a wall . a long shell is laying on a white surface .
an annual display of horns . first is the cows horn . then a long horned sheep horn . rams horn . mountain goat horn . and a gazelles horn .
a tool is shaped like a tusk on a table an image of a bone that might be a tooth from an animal a fossil is shaped like a banana on a table this appears to be a curved horn from some kind of animal . an animal horn sitting on a white background .
the red car was in the lead as it rounded the corner in the annual rally race in town . next came the white , blue and green car , throwing up clouds of dust . right after it came a blue and white car that looked very similar to the white , blue and green car . in last place was the blue and yellow subaru as they headed into the finish . the white , blue and green car actually pulled ahead of the red car right before the finish and won !
this is a daytime photo of a man watching cars in a race perhaps . a race car is driving on a dirt road while people on the sidelines take pictures a group of people that are next toe ach other . the blue and green car is making its way down the road and making some dust . a car driving in the dirt with people watching .
the race started . dangerous as always . the cars took no time flying and weaving around corners . people were standing out in front of the cars putting themselves in danger . the head car rounded the final corner . crossing the finish line , the fans went crazy and the race was over .
a man is watching a car race by . a car covered in logos on a dirt track . group of people standing beside road watching red race car people stand off course as the race car passes , throwing up a cloud of dust . a blue car drifting in the dirt while racing .
i think a dirt track is the best place for cars to race . it reminds me of the old organization days where dirt tracks were common . the track was challenging for some of the drivers . it is not a real race without stirring up a little dust . the crowd definitely had a good time .
a blue race car that says go on the side of it . a car racing on a dirt road drifting several people stand outside and watch a car coming down a dirt road . a blue race car with lime green highlights rounding the corner of a dirt track kicking up a cloud of dust onto onlookers . the car is letting off smoke at the back .
[male] and her dad are at the bowling alley for some quality time . they are there with some of her dads coworkers . [male] has been bowling on a league for many years and is pretty good . [male] is new to the sport but he does ok for a beginner . this is [male] watching as her dad scores a strike to win the game .
a young man posing with a child at restaurant . a man wearing jeans and a button down bowls . a person who is bowling who just threw a bowling ball down the alley a man is pictured in the middle of his turn at a bowling alley . a pretty girl posing for a photo in a park
it had been a long time since the family had all done something together . bowling sounded like a good idea and they had n't done that in a while . everyone was really excited to find out it was half price bowling . even the little ones wanted to get in on the fun . no one get any strikes , but they still had a great time .
a man has his arm around a small girl that is holding something . a man leans forward at the edge of a bowling lane . he scored a great bowling score that day a bowler grimaces as he heaves his red bowling ball toward the pins . a little girl holding a stuffed animal at a bowling alley
this dad and his daughter were ready to have a great day , but she needed a quick bite first ! come on , get a strike ! looking over his shoulder , the man sees just 9 pins fall . go for the spare ! about to try for another strike ! she loved her day at the bowling alley , but i think she loved the fish most of all .
the father that is holding his daughter in a restaurant . the man isdressed in red shirt and faded blue pants the man stepped to the side after he launched the bowling ball down the aisle . a man in a checked shirt bowls at a space-age bowling alley . a small child is in a bowling ally
the stands were absolutely packed at this year 's location tech graduation ceremony . there were literally seas of people almost as if there was a sporting event . the commencement came with speeches from the top students in the graduating class . the scoreboard was lit up with a congratulatory message . i will be keeping the program in remembrance of the graduation .
there is a lot of people and it looks like they 're watching the football game or something like that and when i say a lot of people i mean a lot of people group of people in graduation caps and gowns at graduation ceremony a graduate gets ready to shake the hand of the dean on stage . a [organization] [organization] electronic billboard with advertisements around it at a football stadium . only the billboard and a few of the bleachers are shown in the photo . the commencement program for [organization] [organization] [organization] graduation in spring 2009 .
the stadium was about to be packed for the vt commencement ceremony ! all of the graduates were anxious for it to start . finally , it began , the degrees distributed . each were individually called , and received their own diploma to display !
many fans in the stands during a student graduation college students are waiting to graduate on the chairs . a group of academics in robes applaud a graduation ceremony . a sign at a stadium advertises virginia tech university program for annual commencement event for graduates .
everyone was cheering for [male] today at the big game . [male] was the quarterback for the team and he had been doing fairly well . however it had come to his attention that the school board officials decided if he lost this game he would be expelled . the scoreboard at the end of the game was unfortunately not in his favor . he left the school forever , and had to find a new source of education . he went to organization organization and became a scientist .
a large crowd of graduates sit in folding chairs rows and rows of graduates sit in the floor of a crowded auditorium . a girl is walking across a stage at a graduation ceremony to accept her diploma . the [organization] [organization] football stadium scoreboard on a cloudy day . a picture with a college ring displayed on the front .
we took the red car so that we could get around quickly . mom mom wanted to get a picture of the group before the event . i also decided to snap a picture with best friend before the event . the men were dressed very nicely . the venue was open and the event started on schedule .
bride in dress being walked down the aisle by man . bridesmaids and brides grooms standing on stairs for pictures a bride and groom entering a room at a reception a table setting for the number 20 at a dinner . a group of people posing in nice clothes during a wedding .
i sold my car to this family . they had a great time buying it . they invited me to go with them to church . i accepted their offer . we had a great time there .
a father walks his daughter down the aisle at her wedding my guests look on . a wedding party stands on the ramp waiting . a bride and groom arm in arm smiling . dim table with 20 sevice placard and two lit candles . the asian bride and groom pose with the best men at their wedding , joyous and glowing over the happy occasion .
li and her father walking down the isle.i wish she would have looked up , could n't get a good shot . the whole wedding party on the stairs getting photos taken together.i ca n't wait to see the album after we come back from the honeymoon . mr. an mrs. [male] chang walking into the reception.they look so happy together . beautiful table settings during the reception . real fancy and very classy . li 's brothers , her new husband , and her husband [male] 's brothers to the right .
bride being walked down the aisle during a wedding at a church . a bride and her wedding party on the stairs . the bride and groom are smiling and walking arm in arm . a table is decorated for a formal dining event . an asian bride and groom smile at their reception with three friends .
welcome to the meeting of the fun jobs inc . today we 're teaching you what our company is about . this man describes with great detail the fun in the company . he then shows a chart of all the profits we make at fun . any questions he says , i say , yes , lots .
an man standing up speaking to people at some kind of a conference or meeting . two men are pictured in business suits but only one is lite from above a man in a blue button down shirt and gray patterned tie gestures in front of several computers . a professor pointing to a projected graphic in class . the professor posed a question to his class .
at the company meeting today , after going over all of the normal business , a guest speaker was brought in . the company ceo introduced mr. bartlin to the group . mr. bartlin is a motivational speaker who is known for being able to increase company sales . during his presentation , he showed a graph made of other companies who have implemented his policies and it showed great growth . at the end , he hosted a question and answer period which the employees really enjoyed .
a man wearing a business suit lectures to a room of people . two men wearing suits inside a building room . the man is wearing spectacles , a blue shirt and a tie a bespectacled male presenter is pointing at the board . a teacher addresses his student as they hang on his words .
there was an important business meeting for an up and coming technology company . the presenter used graphs to represent future productivity and profit levels . he was asked many questions by those in attendance . this group was very interested in future business goals and how it would affect them personally . the presentation concluded and final questions were taken from the attendees .
a man is giving a presentation to a group of individuals . two men in business suits , the one in front is speaking . a man uses his hands while talking to others . a man stands in front a projection pointing . an image of a man that is standing up giving a speech
the family was gathered in the living room . the two boys waited outside for the school bus . dad gave cyndi a big smooch . cyndi has time to watch tv before going to school . that 's the bus that will take all the kids to school .
a father sitting with his 3 kids and their dog . the two people are standing up in front of the vehicle on the roadside . a father and daughter giving each other a kiss a small girl with her fingers to her lips sitting on a brown sofa . a yellow and black empty school bus
i took the kids to the bus stop today . it was their first day on the bus . they were very excited . some of them were nervous . when the bus came they all got on and went to school .
a family of four and a dog posing for a picture young boys standing in driveway in suburban area . a man and daughter kiss in the living room . a young girl sitting on a couch , biting her thumb . a yellow school bus number 913 with door closed .
the family was awaiting , it was the first day of school all over again ... but , it was a special day for one of the children ... it was [female] 's first day of school ever ! she was nervous and biting her nails ... but , when the bus arrived , she jumped on and was off to kindergarten .
three kids and their dad sit on the couch and pose for picture . two children stand in a driveway next to a car . kissing her daughter bye , he will be leaving . a girl sitting and relaxing on the couch with a stuffed animal . school bus number 913 has children on board and a closed door .
[male] is wearing his backpack and getting ready to go to school . he decided to take a picture with some neighbors ' children who do n't go to school yet . these are [male] 's classmates . they love taking pictures so they decided to take a profile picture . [male] is waiting for the school bus and the neighbors ' kids decided to wait with him .
a young boy is clean and dressed , ready for his first day of school . three small children stand together , one holding a doll . a bunch of children are gathered smiling at something children standing in line from shortest to tallest along a path . children sitting on a driveway face a street .
had a great morning on the first day of school . he was leaving . the baby brother said goodby . the kids will miss him . they waited for him to get on the bus .
a young boy in a blue shirt carrying a red and blue backpack . a young boy in a blue and white shirt is putting his arm around a toddler in a light blue shirt and a young girl in a bright pink shirt holding a baby doll . group of children with backpacks smiling at the camera the kids are all lined up at the bus stop . three children , they were sitting on a driveway near a road .
the child had morning tea while getting ready for school . he posed for some pictures before he headed off to his first day . he was n't excited to go , but he pretended to be . the kids who were n't going to school just wanted to go back to bed after these photos . he waited for the bus to take him to school , but it never came .
an image of a boy with a backpack on his back a group of children of different races , take a picture together . eight children with backpack pose in a grassy area boys and girls with their backpacks prepare for a hike on the road . a couple kids sitting at the end of a driveway looking out to the street .
the violinist played throughout the entire ceremony the flower girls made sure flowers were everyone and the bread had a lead in the flowers were pretty and they were on the sidelines
a woman stand outside a large window , playing the violin . young children dropping flowers for bride as attendee 's look on . a man in a dress suit standing and waiting . a bright yellow tree next to a wooden fence . medium size flowering shrub with vibrant pink flowers .
the violinist began to play as soon as the wedding ceremony started and it was also a sign for the flower girls to begin their routine . the marriage went well and my cousin could n't have found a more beautiful suit . the overall scenery was beautiful , from the different colored flowers to the beautiful lake .
a woman plays the violin in front of a store with scalloped detail . young girls waling down an aisle between rows of chairs . a man in a suit watches something out of frame . a tree with colorful yellow foliage in front of the rustic fence . pink flowers are growing on a bush next to the road .
i hired a violin player for the wedding . the children were having a great time . they threw flowers everywhere . there were many beautiful trees . i made sure to plant some flowers nearby .
a woman plays a violin outside of a building . two young flower girls dressed in white are walking down an aisle together in an outdoor setting . man in a blue suit standing outside in front of trees . yellow forsythia blooms happily beside a lane in the country . a multi-colored wild plant growing on the side of the road .
our get togethers with family are always so much fun . the turkey looks burnt , but it is n't . before dinner everyone calms down a bit . the food is always greatat the gatherings . my silly sister , who missed the gathering this year .
the turkey is cooked and ready to be eaten this woman stands in front of the oven as she gets ready to serve dinner . two men laugh at a joke at a party . a man cuts some food at a dining room table . adults standing and sitting around candles lit on a table .
i brought the turkey to my friend 's thanksgiving party last week . they were still busy making some of the food . everyone was drinking and having a great time . after the food was ready we served it . everyone was very eager to have some of the turkey .
a big stuffed chicken or turkey on a platter . a woman is shown standing over a stove with a bowl of vegetables in hand . three men stand in a room smiling , one holds a wine glass in his hand . a man helps serve food from a table . people are gathered around a candle lit table , many holding wine glasses .
the turkey was cooked so we pulled it out of the oven . my sister put the beans in a dish . everyone scrambled to sit down . we started to cut the turkey . after everyone relaxed with a smoke and wine .
a roasted chicken is ready to be eaten a woman putting greens into a boiling pot of water on her stove . three men are laughing with each other while drinking wine a family at the dining room table for a meal . many adults stand around a table where candles are lit .
got my latest copy of organization organization . i know how to read asian this magazine is filled with lots of colorful anime . i love getting these . this issue shows alot of tranformers . we 're going to see this movie soon . all are headed toward the sunset . where they 'll battle .
a transformer ad in a different language appears here . a nadvertisement is for transofrmers toys and their prices advertisement showing multi color toy robots with guns a poster depicts several transformers in outer space many different robot type cartoon characters are depicted here .
i found this magazine on gundam type collectibles at a thrift store . here is some of the terrific detail of some of the robots that it 'd be really cool to find . i like how the magazine went with different colors for different pages instead of just showing the same thing over and over again . the magazine also had some fold out posters that you could add of cartoon versions of the robots . i think i 'll probably give this one to my nephew to hang up .
the photo showed the latest toys available in stores a colorful poster of transformer toys and figures a toy with a robot on the cover of it a colorful cartoon poster of transforming characters from another country . an intergalactic game with superhero 's bad guys and a universe to protect .
there were alot of toys to choose from . some were games and some were action figures . my granson really liked this one . we bought this one . we also bought this one .
a chinese picture description of futuristic items . red brochure advertising transformer toys . the brochure is in a language other than english . the paper advertisement is for kids toys . pictured is a colorful transformers ad , in an asian language . the cartoon characters are bunched together looking at an open night sky .
one of the university 's football players won a prestigious award , so the school decided to hold a banquet to benefit his accomplishments . the school band performed , as did the cheerleaders . even the head of the alumni association made a speech about how proud alumni were of their school 's continual excellence . the benefit was extremely successful and the football player felt really good about all the glory that he had brought to his alma mater .
the banquet hall is all set up for the players and their families . a group of people that are marching with each other . a woman is interviewing a football player that is holding a ball . a woman interviewer is holding a microphone to a black man in a suit . a busy night at [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] filled with walking zombies .
every was gathering before the big game . the cheerleaders were ready for it to start . players were acknowledged with special gifts . the interviews were almost over . the game would start soon !
a gathering of a large amount of people at a convention . the cheerleaders are practicing their best game moves . a black man that is holding up an award next to a woman . a black man is being interviewed by a white woman . a big metal statue decorates a theme park court yard
i had a great time at the party last week . they invited a team of cheerleaders to perform . many awards were given out . a lot of people were interviewed . afterward i left the ceremony to find some food .
the event was ready to be enjoyed by the alumni cheerleaders of both genders get together for practice . a male holding a football is being interviewed by a female holding a mic . a woman holding a microphone out to a man . people walking near the entrance for [organization] [organization] at night
the valley was spacious and open . the water fell from the top of the cliff quickly . the sign was green and not very informative . the horse assisted us with carrying resources . my partner had a really exciting time at the field .
a bird 's eye view of a beautiful river as it snakes through the land . large waterfall seen on face of cliff with lush vegetation . road signage on post indicating current information in various languages . a group of individuals are watering their horses . young adult woman smiling in open grassy area .
this is a picture of a stream . this is a picture of a waterfall . this is a picture of a sign . this is a picture of animals . this is a picture of a woman .
a river is running through green hills into a bay . a picture of a waterfall is being photographed . the sign states niddal hole point in two languages . two horses and four men on a muddy field . a woman with glasses posing for a photo .
the [male] family wanted to take a vacation in nature . they traveled to a river near mountains . they saw a waterfall coming out of the mountain and thought is was beautiful . the family hiked to location location location and decided to rest . [female] lost her favorite bracelet and they had to stop and search for it . she was so happy when they finally found it .
a river running through grassy and tree covered hills a brisk waterfall pouring out of the side of a moss-covered cliff . large green sign with words niddal hole point on it the men are working with horses in the field . young woman , out on a sunny day wearing a blouse and glasses .
the cars were parked in a line on the street . we were giving honor to someone who fell in battle . the casket had the beautiful flag on it . the ceremony was on point and started on time . at the end , the pope gave a small word .
an european cop watches traffic on the side of the street . the funeral car door is open as the soldiers line up on side the police officers are carrying the american flag covered casket . a funeral procession is heading down the street . some guy dressed in a costume with a bunch of men and police standing around him .
all the police officers stand at attention remembering the life of an officer who died . the man plays the bagpipes for the family of the deceased officer . his fellow officers carry the casket that is decorated with the flag . the officers are very solemn and hate to see their friend go . a member of the church meets with the mayor to say goodbye to the officer that has died .
a police officer wearing earmuffs looks at a city street the color guard stands over this military funeral in the snow . a casket , draped with an american flag , is carried out of a church . men in uniform carry the coffin to the back of the hearse . a formal presentation involving police and religious leaders .
a very sad day of a funeral . the casket was carried down from above . down the stairs it went carried by several men . a sad day for everyone in attendance . the minister consoled the family for their loss .
the police officer is standing in the cold with a jacket , hat and earmuffs . a group of soldiers that are standing on the side . a group of soldiers carry the casket of a fallen comrade . a casket of an important person being placed inside of a hearse . a group of people that are standing in the crowd .
the party had many scary costumes including criminal ones . there were nurses of all kinds and they took many photos and even kissed each other .
a man dressed in a medical shirt is covered with fake blood . two dressed up men are covered in costume blood . dressed up for halloween , looking all bloody with a nurse . two woman dressed in costume as bloody nurses two people are kissing covered in fake blood .
the halloween party was kicking off . it was a gore fest . it looked realistic . the blood was everywhere . not a place in the whole building was n't touched by it .
the man shows off his fake blood makeup proudly . a pair of men stand together wearing costumes covered with fake blood . two women dressed in costume as bloody nurses two females dressed up and posing for the camera a couple dressed in gory halloween costumes .
the first to arrive to the gore party . its halloween and these two made a great pair . she surprised the camera with a blood strewn smile . they look at the couple covered in blood . the couple , drenched in blood pose for a moment .
a person is dressed as a bloody nurse . man with a green mohawk is licking fake red blood an image of two women that are bloodstained the two women are dressed up in costume as zombie nurses . the playful couple is covered all over with muck .
this is a picture of a woman . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of a couple . this is as picture of a pie . this is a picture of a sign .
a woman is sitting at a table with a craft project in front of her . the man in his office is concentrating while trying to figure something out . man and woman in kitchen decorating a cake a sawn wedge of a tree trunk tops a cake a table that has wood carved letters and numbers , along with wood slices of a tree .
preparing the wedding cake was a daunting task since it consisted of more than one piece . i started to feel dizzy after midnight since i 've been helping my cousins prepare it . luckily they 've handled most of the manual work . the finished product was nice although i expected a better look . putting everything together , i was glad to invest my time towards helping .
a girl wearing a purple t shirt looking at a small magazine a man that is placing his fingers on the device . a man and a woman carefully work on a cake in the kitchen . a slice of tree trunk carved with letters and numbers . a craft station is set up with wood slices and wooden letters .
the wedding theme was a rustic woodsy one . the bride and groom arrived in a classic horse and buggy . the place settings at the table were very elegant . [female] 's whole family was very proud to be here . the happy couple looked very blissful and content .
a woman in a purple shirt sits at her dining table , perusing multiple magazines for particular images she needs . a man is sitting on a chair at his desk . a couple stands in the kitchen and works on a cake . a slice of a tree trunk with a date and initials carved into it a collection of log slices that have been made .
my dad and i went hiking last weekend . we went through some amazing valleys . the mountains had gorgeous rocks on them . there were hidden rivers all over the place . we met up with our friend before going home to eat .
two people are hiking a trail near a forested mountain . rushing water flows over fallen trees in the river . a man and a boy stand next to a large boulder by a stream in the woods . a man preparing to dive from a rock as a boy watches . three males stand against a beautiful backdrop of rolling hills . on the left is a teenage boy , in the middle a man who could be his father or grandfather , on the right , the boy 's older brother . then man has his arms around both boys .
i went on a nature hike with my dad and my brother . we eventually ran across this creek . there was a huge boulder right in the middle of the stream . my dad joked about diving off . i used the self timer and got a picture of us all together .
two people walk on a path near tree covered mountains . water runs clear and cold over logs in a shallow stream . two men standing beside a boulder by a river . people that are on top of a very large boulder in the wilderness the three men are standing on the cliff in front of the nice greenery .
taking a hike in the beautiful mountain side . loving the flow of the creek , very relaxing . my dad and husband standing by a rock . dad acting like he was going to dive in creek . beautiful generation of wonderful men with an amazing background .
people walking on the trail into the mountain . water in a stream runs over a fallen log . the boy and his grandpa at the river that was going to be polluted by the [organization] soon an older man holds his hands above his hands while standing on a rock . a man and two teenage boys stand together smiling a top a mountain .
the rivalry begins the school is lavished with history 1967 is one of the best years in the schools history everyone takes pride in the events old and young alike enjoy the festivities
[organization] alumni marching in a parade , holding signs containing the year they attended . vintage automobile lead group of well dressed marchers on street . a guy in an orange suit holding cymbols leading a march while people hold up a sign that says 1967 many people are attending and viewing a local parade . a group of people in tiger striped shorts watching a parade .
this parade really shows what it was like over the last 100 years . this car looks like it does not know what year it belongs in . people did not dress like this in 1967 . the band 's uniforms seem to be slightly out of style . at least the band looks less tacky than some of the others .
a group of people are standing in a line holding banners . a school 's class of 1950 , marching in a parade . the black and orange banner has 1967 written on it band members in orange uniforms march through a town . decked alike in their matching outfits , the crowd at the parade enjoy the music .
the parade of classes at the college is a big day each year . i 'm not sure why the class of 1980 has this old a car to represent it , but that 's the wacky nature of the parade ! my parents were in the class of 1967 . they march every single year . some of the classes have put together marching bands ! the class of 1943 does a barbershop quartet bit , while the class of 1973 has a watermelon theme . i love the parade !
people are dressed up and carry banners for a parade . an old car is driving in front of people holding a sign that says 1950 . group of people holding up a banner with a year written on it . a parade of uniformed young people in a marching band . a group of people that are standing next to the street .
a woman uses a pay phone in town just for the fun of it . she comes across a spa and gets a pedicure while she reads . after her pedicure she decides to have some lunch . finally a stop at the local museum with some very creepy art work . this artist captures the essence of human beings well .
a girl in a blue jacket and tan pants standing next to a railing . city intersection with pedestrians and vehicles near shops . an antique wooden stool stands in a corner . the seafood and all the siding to go with it were gone and only a few bowls left on the table a woman is reclining and looking at a magazine .
[female] is new in town and looking for something fun to do . she searches through different catalogs to see what she can do . she grabs a bite to eat and then locates a nearby museum with a lot of artifacts . [female] came across one that caught her eye , a caveman and a log . next to the caveman was another , he looked so sad trying to build a fire .
a young woman smiles and poses next to a metal corral . a van moves near an empty intersection amid tall buildings . a wooden object that is on sale in the room . on the table there was an array of different authentic japanese dishes . a woman getting her foot massage while reading a book
[female] had saved for years for her trip to the faraway eastern city . she stayed at a large hotel in the heart of the downtown . she had brought a lot of money to buy local goods , and she fell hard for this tree trunk chair . she insisted on eating every meal at authentic local restaurants . she did n't like the food much , but she would n't admit that to herself . at night in the hotel , she browsed her many travel booklets to decide what to see the next day . she was determined this would be the trip of a lifetime .
a woman in a blue shirt is standing with her shoes off the city has buildings of all different shapes and sizes . a wooden stool with a sale tag of 1900 a meal of several different asian inspired dishes she sat in the comfortable recliner reading the interesting magazine .
moving into a new house . we will need to paint the walls . not much food yet . plenty of laundry will be done . we will be growing a garden in the front yard .
a room inside a house with white walls . this is an empty room with hardwood flooring and tan walls modern kitchen with appliances featured in seemingly empty home . a washer and dryer in an area right off the kitchen . a box of detergent is sitting on a shelf above the appliances . a house sits cleanly and quietly in a suburb .
i just bought a new house last week . it very nice inside . it is very clean . i moved all the furniture in yesterday . i still need to buy some more .
a room that has three seating areas , a fireplace and a television . a room containing hard wood floors , a staircase , and a bright white door . the kitchen is all the same color wooden cabinets and chairs . washer and dryer with surf detergent on a shelf . a two story suburban home with a small front yard and two leafless trees
we had been begging for a great apartment . one with an open floor plan ... and a beautiful kitchen . well , we were completely surprised when this one had a washer and a dryer ... and , was a beautiful home from the outside . we signed the papers immediately .
two couches , a chair and a tv are in a room with a fireplace . a view of an entry way of a house with a white door , wooden floor and a staircase leading up it looks like a remodeled kitchen with lovely wood paneling . a bare washroom in a nearly spotless house . a two story light blue house with trees in the front yard
it was a beautiful day out with my dog rocko . he was really excited . we walked through the park and saw some beautiful flowers along the way . this was rocko investigating and being curious . rocko also ran around these trees . i have n't seen him this happy in awhile ! sadly , when we got back to the car it looked like someone hit it . luckily they left a note with their insurance information . regardless , it was a good day .
a man plays with his happy dog in a park . a close up of a single yellow flower with many other flowers blurred in the background . the man is looking at what is behind him . the purple tulips are bundled with the yellow daffodils . a row of trees with white bark is shown in front of a background of tall buildings .
i went to the park last weekend with my dog . there were a lot of flowers blooming this time of year . my dog had such a great time there . he smelled every flower we came across . afterward we were very tired and had to go .
man giving treats to a dog as it is leaping at him . yellow and brown flowers with green leaves and grey stems . a brown dog with a white nose has his head turned a group of purple and yellow flowers are displayed . a row of trees stand in lush green grass .
the man and his dog are ready for a nature walk . they see the splendor of nature on their walk . pooch ca n't wail to go on a walk with his man they take the time to tip toe through the tulips . pooch ca n't believe his eyes at so many opportunities !
a dog jumps up at a man while on a walk . beautiful bright yellow and brown flowers with pointy petals . brown dog is looking into something and he is wearing a strap for dogs the purple tulips contrast strongly with the yellow daffodils . the bare birch trees are lines up along the bright green lawn .
the couple decided they wanted a pirate themed wedding , so the bride and groom dressed up like pirates , and they got married by the water like pirates do . their wedding party played into the theme , as did their guests .
people are outside in pirate costumes on a wooden deck a group of people sit facing a stage with masked performers . the couple is dressed as time period pirates at their wedding on a ship . man and woman on a boat facing each other dressed in pirate garb they did not win for best costume but they had the best
the event has many costumes . the wedding is pirate themed and the couple is wearing costumes . they say their vows in outfit before dancing the night away .
a group of men stand at attention wearing masquerade masks dressed in pirate suits . a shakespearean play is being performed in front of an audience . people dressed in english costumes at pirate wedding a man and a woman dresed in costumes a man and woman dressed in costume , ready for halloween or waiting for their moment on stage .
the wedding guests are dressed as pirates ! they are seated and waiting for the bride and groom . here comes the bride and groom . they exchange their vows and prepare for their first kiss . now that the bride and groom are wed , it 's time for a pirate party !
the men are all dressed in period costume and have masks on . two performers on a stage with an orange backdrop . a woman in a dress stands next to a man in a pirate outfit on a ship . a couple shares a romantic moment dressed in period costumes . a man and woman are wearing costumes at a party
the person at the office signed the marriage certificate . before the wedding , they look at the pretty flowers . the photographer wants to get some unique shots of them . the bride made sure he also gets shots of the food . they get married , and share their first kiss .
a woman signs a marriage certificate with gold lettering . a couple 's wedding bands placed on the inside of a flower . [organization] [organization] [organization] captured this picture of a brides dress and the grooms black and white sneakers . a colorful display of cupcakes beckons the viewer to try just one . a bride and a groom kissing at their wedding .
suzy getting ready with the help of her mom . [male] smiling right before he gets married . the groomsmen showing off their matching suits . the wedding cake was made of entirely of cupcakes . their first dance as husband and wife .
hands holding a pen about to sign a marriage certificate . wedding bands and engagement ring are pictured on a flower . bottom half of wedding dress and black dress pants . chocolate and vanilla cupcakes are on the silver tray a bride and groom embrace one another in kisses and hugs .
we went to a wedding recently . the groom looked so happy ! all the groom 's friends were happy for him . the food was amazing ! they got married and looked amazing !
someone has a pen in their hand and is signing a marriage certificate . fine rings on an orange flower bloom in a garden . a couple on their wedding showing off their shoes . assortment of dessert items displayed on serving tray . bride and groom kissing passionately outside near some trees .
the triathletes finished their swim , ready to switch to bikes . the transition went smooth for most of the athletes . once on their bikes , they prepared to take off down the road . after the bike ride , the triathletes ran and hydrated . trophies waited for the athletes at the finish line .
a group of men and women are exiting the water while others are swimming behind them . the bikers are getting started for the race . a runner pouring water on his head as he runs . the man is handing a cup of water to the runner . an assortment of medals and trophies laying upon a table .
swimming is the first part of the race . biking is the second part of the race . running is the third part of the race . a racer needs some water to keep going . the winners circle with medals and trophies .
a group of people running out of a body of water . people riding a bike outdoors for a sports competition . a man pours water over his head at a sports competition . he rounded the corner as he ran the race decorations are arranged neatly on a table outside
the water was cold , but it was still fun to run through . people had all the latest gear for the bike race . cyclists were ready to go and eager to race . everyone involved was competitive and excited . there were plenty of trophies , but those who did n't win still had fun .
several people coming out of the ocean after a swim race . four men in helmet preparing to ride bikes . wetting himself up during the competition but never stop running a man participating in a run receives a cup of water from anotherman as he passes by . a collection of trophies and metals on a table .
on the parents visit day at school i got to talk to the kids . i spoke to the kids about my job and what i do for a living . the kids went outside and took a group photo . it was nice meeting all of the students at the school . i got a photo with some of the mothers at the school .
all the children were in their desk talking . a group of kids that are learning new material . a man wearing a suit and tie kneels for a photo with humans wearing red a group of adults and kids gathered together . a man in a suit gives a smug smile at an event .
class was very fun today . we spent a lot of time learning . afterward we had an opportunity to play games outside . it was a lot of fun . after that we all went back home .
a room full of children wearing blue uniforms the adults are talking to the children about the project they are working on . a man , a woman and three children celebrate in a yard . a woman is holding onto her baby son . the man is wearing a sport coat and a blue shirt
a new man is up for mayor and has decided to speak at a school . many of the kids have a lot of questions to ask the man . he has brought them a neat little celebration to honor their hard work in school . he even brought a women dressed in a sparkly ready wig to entertain . the man running for mayor had a big family that love being involved in his work with children .
the students are all wearing matching clothing in the classroom . a group of school children showing their artwork to a class visitor . a man , a woman and 3 children are posing for the camera at what appears to be a birthday party . a crowd of people stands around a woman and her baby . a man in a suit is at a sporting event .
my buddies and i went out for some sightseeing and nightlife . the golden lights were more soothing than neon party lights though . this chandelier that we came across was magnificent . we stopped for a bite to eat at the local fast food place . time to get this guy off of his phone and out to party .
it was a question to be pondered , and the man set to it . hey man looking up from his iphone looking confused a building has a golden top on it . a dormant furniture factory shows its disuse in its decaying face . a statue is in the middle of city buildings
met up with my friend at location location and we are gon na go downtown . here 's my friend . he 's happy to see me . first stop , this building , it 's a temple of some kind . then on to this building , it 's really interesting . then off to the park where there are beautiful statues all around .
a younger , shiny-bald , male strokes his goatee in thought at a food court table a guy is engrossed in texting on his phone a building with a gold dome and a statue on top . water towers of varying ages on top of buildings . in the plaza sits a statue of a woman holding up the carcass of an albatross , with apparent connections to the poem , `` the ancient mariner '' .
when i went on vacation last weekend i saw many huge buildings . the city was very beautiful at night . my hotel had a lovely lobby . i brought my friend with me . we had a great time there together .
a bald man in a dark jacket sits at a table in a fast food restaurant stroking his goatee . a young man looking into the camera holding a cell phone . a building with a large gold dome in the middle . a group of buildings that are next to each other . the statue of a person is holding a big bird .
the family invited us to the water it was such a beautiful peaceful day at first then the dark clouds came rolling in we were afraid to go out on the water so we stayed in and did n't tempt fate
red and black boat is out on a body of water the sky is filled with thick , grey clouds . a view of the field that is on the sky . a boat port full of boats with a large storm approaching . gray sky is seen over boats in a marina .
i went for a ride on my boat last week . i stopped in a very grassy field . there were many clouds in the sky . afterward it became very dark . i decided to leave before it began to rain .
a couple of sailboats are pictured on the lake . a large field stretches a far distance between trees the sky is filled with clouds over the meadow . a harbor full of small boats with two inflatable dinghies tied to the dock . many sailboats and cruisers in a marina before a storm
the family has a house on the lake they visit every year on vacation . they own acres of land that is very beautiful during the summer months . they also have over 20 acres of land for sale . that will sell real easy this time of year . next to their lake house is a boat dock where they house several boats they own . this boat dock is the only one in town and it is a beautiful resort during the spring and summer .
an empty sail boat is anchored in the water . a huge grassland with trees is shown under a cloudy sky . a wide prairie with tall grass and a house in the background a marina with many boats and a brooding sky . small boats are parked in a harbor underneath dark gray clouds .
the team geared up for the science convention . they unveiled their new robot design . other teams showcased their projects as well . one team made a new type of remote car . this team won the most votes with their horse robot .
a group of people gather together at a table with laptops and equipment . the machine is solving a rubiks cube and keeping track of how long it takes a exhibition hall has several people and booths and decorations . a group of people are watching a race between two machines . an artist has created a horse from pieces of junk metal .
the students at organization entered a robot competition . they planned their robot . they then built the robot . they made it look like a human . they got to the competition and waited their turn . whend it was therir turn they showed off their robot and won the competition . they they then got to keep the robot that lost to theirs .
students are learning how to work on electronics . a dome headed robot with numbers on his chest . people attending a maker event looking at the different displays two kids trying to control some sort of robots an art installation of a horse made out of bits of metal parts .
i went to the museum last week . there were many strange robots there . they had some that looked like insects . others looked like animals . i spent a few hours there .
a group of people working on electronics a robot that is in the colors of grey , blue , and white a group of people that have gathered here together . the kids are playing at the educational event . an elaborate sculpture was built to look like a horse .
[female] has to give a speech today . she is very nervous so she asks [male] some questions . [female] gets up first to prep the audience . after [female] 's speech , [male] gets up to give his own . now it is [female] 's turn to present her findings as well .
two people are discussing paperwork that the woman has with her . a woman is addressing a group of people at a conferance . a balding man in a dark shirt looks towards a projected image of a child with a calf . a man serving himself a piece of carrot cake . this young woman stands in front of a display consisting of many different newspaper articles .
i went to the meeting last week . there were many people there . i had to give some presentations . afterward we had some dessert . there were many presentations there .
the woman is holding a stack of papers the man is looking at . several people are sitting at tables of a room and chatting . a man giving a presentation with a cow on the screen . a man getting a slice of cake at a gathering a lady , smiling standing in front of a project are displayed
[female] has created an outreach program for families in need . with many sign ups she is slowly making a difference . the families have come to seek help and provide help if they can . many have come to speak on behalf of [female] 's help to the community . there is even presentations made on all the program has to offer for families .
a woman looks concerned as she speaks and shows the man the paperwork . a group of people in a brightly painted room , discussing a subject during a workshop . he made the presentation great with the pictures of the cow an older gentleman is helping himself to some cake . she worked very hard on putting this project together
the local leader was on stage to give a speech again tonight . he addressed all the issues at hand to the crowd . they even provided him with many exotic foods . there was a mini party going on in the area . after the speech , the leader was then on a boat heading back home .
politico giving a speech in front of boat a group of people with colorful clothing at an outside gathering a small gathering of people standing around a table . people are lined up in a group outside several men in white shirts sit together while two other men talk and a man in a black suit looks out away from them .
the candidate makes a speech to his fans . voters line up to hear the candidate make a speech . the candidate fills a plate of food his fans made for him . voters line up to say fare well to the candidate . the candidate journeys by boat to save money .
man in white shirt speaking at yellow cloth podium women and children standing in a line next to a yellow wall with a staircase . two men cheerfully partake of food offered at a long table . people lining a street at night watching an event a few old guys sit in a bench on a boat dock
the man was on the boat and people were cheering . that he was returning and he greeted them and was well liked .
a man that is speaking into the black mics . women and childern are lined up for an event . people serve themselves food from a long table at a celebration . a large group of people outside at night . boat passengers relax at the stern of the ship .
reception time ! she has her dancing shoes on . the grooms family is having a good time . the groom is having a good time , too , showing off his dance moves ! help with a dress strap was needed . a toast to the happy couple .
a lady is wearing a red dress and sneakers . the three people art the function are smiling for the camera . adult man in formal wear dancing on gymnasium floor at event . an older woman helps a younger woman with her dress . a group of people holding up beer bottles in salute .
she wore a red dress with blue high top sneakers . the older women laughed about it . sneakers helped her boogie . she broke a strap on her dress when she was dancing . at the end of the night they toasted her sneakers .
a woman in a red dress is sitting at a chair near a table with others . three smiling people sit together at a small table . a man wearing a tuxedo is dancing at a wedding . an older woman is helping a girl get her formal dress adjusted . multiple people hold up their bottles for a cheers
the party was at a banquet hall . everyone was having a lot of fun . some people even danced . [female] needed help with her dress . once the open bar started the real party began .
a woman sitting down and wearing tennis shoes with a dress on . three people smiling for a camera at a formal event . man wearing black and white formal clothing dancing . an old woman helping a younger woman with her dress . several people hold their beer bottles up together in a toast .
we had really thought that anti-war rallies were a think of the past . but [female] and stan wanted us to go and see that they are still going on today . sure enough , there were anti-war signs , chants , it had a real 60s feel to it . people seem to be fed up with the whole drone `` robitic killing machine '' thing . but like everything else , all things end . and an hour after the protests , you could n't even tell anything had happened there .
a man in a red jacket stand in a crowd under a bridge . a person holds a no war sign in the winter people gathered as a crowd with signs of protest . the people are protesting the wear in iraq a city street with a crowd of people walking
many people came out to support the cause today . we were one of many couples and that impressed us very much since this is so near to our hearts . many of the signs people made had compelling slogans . some people flew flags while others carried the signs . we were moved to another location eventually by the authorities .
huge crowd is gathered in the streets around and on a bridge a sign during a protest that says no war . a group of protestors walk through a city holding up signs . the protesters are holding signs about dont attack iraq . people walk down a blocked off city street , dressed for winter .
many people gathered today to protest the war . we all stood together with our signs in peace to show our opposition . we marched down the street and held our signs . it was inspiring to see this many people band together under the same cause . at the end of the day , we all disbanded peacefully with respect knowing we had gotten our message heard .
hundreds of protestors displaying signs at a bridge people are gathered around to protest against the war a group of faces in a crowd . someone is carrying a red flag and another is holding a hand-lettered sign inscribed `` [male] people from 50,000 feet - inspire more terror-ism ! '' people are holding signs protesting war in iraq a group of people that are walking on the busy street .
it was a day for the musicians to get together . they started to slowly show up and they brought their own instruments . everyone always loves to sing that song . finally the electric guitarist showed up . one last jam session before the day is through .
a middle aged man plays a saxophone in a kitchen . the man joined with the tuba while the lady played the guitar people sitting around playing piano and music and singing a man is playing a guitar near four people who may be playing along . a small band playing music while snacking on soup .
[male] performed a wonderful saxophone solo at the start of the jam session . a couple of people brought their own instruments and attempted to play them . an amateur pianist started to play the entertainer and got a good reception . [male] brought his guitar and began to wail on it . the other musicians started their own jam session and moved to the garage shortly after .
man in red stripped sweater sitting in chair playing the saxophone . two people play musical instruments in a small room . a bald headed gentleman playing the piano at a dinner party . man playing the guitar with friends playing other instruments . an image of two men playing a guitar
my music buddies and i are having a jam session . [male] plays a sassy sax . jen rips the accordion licks . i love guitar and am working the chords . [male] really gets into the keyboards and keeps the music tempo .
a man sitting in a chair holding a saxophone . a woman is playing a guitar and a man is playing a brass instrument . while a balding man sits at a piano in someone 's home , playing a song , a man holding a trumpet , and a woman holding a guitar , sing along . the man is playing the guitar and the others are playing alon.g two man sitting next to each other and playing guitars
everyone is ready to take pictures for this years halloween party . the pirate ca n't find an ocean so he posses to the next closest thing . the host had a little trouble decorating this year , but he did the best he could . some of the guest tried harder on their costumes than others . despite the odd decorations everyone had a great time . at the end of the night the host insisted that they get a group picture .
a man who is dressed as a pirate is standing next to a fish tank . a man in a pirate outfit is ready for some fun . large man wearing a balloon breastplate and head dress with a woman dressed in a black tuxedo at a costume party . people are gathered inside a house with drinks . a group of people are wearing various types of costumes .
he stood by the fish tank waiting for things to get started . still waiting for the first guests , he decides to sit down . people start arriving at the party in crazy costumes . they started discussing the scenery in the house . everyone poses at the end of the party to take a picture .
the man in a pirate costume is standing next to a fish tank . people are dressed in costume for a party being held . a man is covered in balloons at a party . four gentlemen are in costumes socializing and having a drink . the group of people are wearing colorful costumes .
it was time for the halloween party and [male] the pirate was ready to go . but [male] the pirate was very sad as [male] the balloon man showed up in a better costume . [male] the balloon man had all kinds of fans . a few that did n't see [male] the pirate were happy with [male] the balloon man . but when [male] the pirate asked if [male] the balloon man can be his friend , everybody joined in too .
a man dressed like a pirate poses next to a fish tank . two men in costumes at a party in a room . a man is wearing balloons shaped like a hat and vest . people in formal dress with a background filled with peacock feathers . a large group of people are in costumes
people cam from all over to honor their friend niel armstrong . the venue was set up very well . and everyone looked might fine dressed in their sunday best . the flowers around the venue gave it the perfect touch , and allowed the attendees to really connect with the event .
[organization] personnel are walking on a sidewalk with civilians . an alter in a religious building decorated with white flowers . elderly couple talking to blonde woman at reception hall a bouquet of flowers sits next to the altar in the beautiful church . sailors are walking away from a building with others behind them .
it was a beautiful sunday morning , everyone was walking to church . inside everything was ready for the congregation . the people headed to their seats . the pulpit was ready and waiting for the preacher . after the service , everyone headed home .
a group of people in the navy that are on the streets . a brightly lit wooden altar on a church a older gentleman scowls downward and and older woman is looking on , holding paperwork at his side . an ornately carved podium behind a vase of flowers with a candle sticking out . sailors in uniform are walking away from the building .
when we got to the event there were already a lot of people there . the inside of the building was very nice and well kept . many people traveled far to attend . while the event proceedings went by i found myself more intrigued with the design of the building itself . after it was over there was a mass exit of people .
people in uniform and dress clothes walk outside of a tall building . a stage with wooden chairs on the top of it an old man and woman standing by chairs in an auditorium . ornate alter in a church next to flowers and a white candle military personnel walking onto street in full uniform at large gathering .
[male] was getting ready for the track meet up . his friends were helping him by chasing after him . this was n't good for toms nervous though so he can faster . he finished his lap and turned around because he heard some one call his name . it was just [male] trying to hit him with one of the batons . grow up [male] .
a young boy running on a track next to a field with standing people a young boy that is holding a water bottle . the boy anxiously awaits the passing of the baton . a young runner boy handing off a baton to another boy in a race . two women smiling and hugging in front of bleachers .
the race had started ... and [male] was awaiting his turn , he even had a drink . and , then his teammate was closing in ... and , [male] grabbed the baton and was off ! his mother and sister cheered from the stands !
young man running on the track as people watch . a hooded child drinking a bottle of water next to the bleachers . two boys waiting at their spot for their teammates to give them the baton . an adult is standing between the two . a boy in a relay race handing the baton to the runner in front of him . two women hug and smile at the camera
we had a track meet this weekend . everyone worked hard for this moment and tried to take first place . only one can win through and [male] made it first . everyone was really excited and did their best . it was a success that will be repeated next year .
man in blue running on asphalt track course a boy in a hoodie drinks from his water bottle a person wearing blue clothes about to start a race . a boy in a white t-shirt and blue jersey hands off a relay baton to another boy all in blue . two women are smiling and are posing for a picture
one of our students gave a speech at our meeting . the chorus group gave everyone a song , which all enjoyed . everyone applauded all the students that did their best this year . two of our younger students are learning to read a script . some of our older students are giving them a demonstration .
college students present their business model for a crowd of investors . this band is playing some instruments for some people . these kids are perfect for the school choir two children hold a notebook and sit in front of a microphone . three young women stand near stage with scripts in hand during performance .
a church group gathered today . one by one , they told their life story . this girl was very serious for the event . this man enjoyed talking about his life . lastly , these women sang the gospel .
the people in blue jackets give a speech in behind the podium a orchestra playing for an audience sitting on red chairs a group of people sing on a stage . two young girls on stage sharing some papers . the woman is speaking loudly to the crowd .
the queens drama club was ready to get the show on . [female] gave an oration on the location address . [female] gave an impression of location location . jakob sang in his best [female] manson voice . the tlc clones belted out show tunes .
three people standing at a podium wearing matching blue mlk , jr. sweaters . a group of students are performing a musical piece to a small audience . people singing on stage in front of some audience two young girls sitting on black chairs on a podium one woman in a green scarf and hat is speaking while two other ladies stand beside her in dark clothes .
the wedding reception was really fun ! the bride and groom were very happy . even the mother-in-laws were n't being obnoxious . the bride and groom cut the cake together . everyone had a good time .
two people getting married by a minister , with lights hanging from the ceiling . a wedding couple that is next to each other . a wedding party posing in the early evening . two people that are about to cut the cake . man with brown eyes holding the face of a guy with glasses
we were married on a boat , it was way cool . my husband is dashing and handsome . he says he 's the lucky one . that 's my mom and his mom . we all get along . we cut the cake , i almost dropped the knife . that 's my hubby with his best man .
a couple are being wed in front of friends and family . a man and woman posing for a picture on their wedding day four people stand for a photo in an outdoor gazebo young man and woman cutting wedding cake together . two men standing closely posing for a photograph
a young couple exchanging vows surrounded by friends and family . after the ceremony a picture of the happy couple . lovely picture of the bride with the best man . the happy groom having a glass of bubbly . the groom flanked by two of the ushers .
the couple exchange wedding vows under the christmas lights . they were king and queen at their senior prom twenty years ago a bride and groom pose with two women on their wedding day . a recently married couple cutting their wedding cake . two men pose for a picture as their faces touch .
as i walked through the florist shop i noticed these exotic flowers . these flowers had a very sweet smell that might have been used in perfume . i grabbed an empty wine bottle and filled with water . i used some string to tie the stems together for a nicer arrangement . stepping back from the makeshift vase , i realize that i have a beautiful center piece .
trying out the new focus on the camera lens on these flowers . a group of flowers are white with purple speckes the bottle has a pink plant on it orchids using a brown bottle for a vase on a redwood table outside . the spotted orchids are in water in a beer bottle .
the drought had gripped the entire nation . once fertile fields were bare . quickly made head stones dominated the landscape . cemeteries seemed to spring up everywhere . death came closely after drought .
the flowers are a pretty deep purple and white and are in full bloom . a bunch of white and purple spotted flowers . a bottle of beer is on a table under a pink flower . beautiful flowers , probably picked for mom on this beautiful day . an image of a beer bottle with a flower coming out of it
these flowers are so pretty that they must be kept in a vase ! this close up shows just how wonderful these flowers are ! the beauty and elegance found in nature is astounding ! even a bottle can make a good vase ! the more these flowers grow , the more beautiful they become !
beautiful white flower decorated with patterns of pink and purple a close-up view of a collection of white flowers spotted with purple splotches . a bottled drink sits in a grassy yard white flowers with pink dots sit in a bottle full of water . purple and white orchids in a dark glass bottle
the day began with a conversation in the hallway . the office was very laid back . our secretary made most of the calls . the boss was happy to be there too . we drew a diagram as a department .
two adults are having a conversation in the hallway . a reclining man and smiling woman are being a cluttered desk . adult male on phone doing business from desk . a happy worker at her computer desk , mouse in hand . a diagram of cause and effect by levels
arriving to work my first day as an intern , i overheard two accountants having a discussion in the hallway . i then went to see my boss and his assistant to find out what i needed to do . i waited for one of the partners to get off the phone so i could ask for the file needed . i then took the file to the business manager so she could input the information from the file into the firm 's computer system . then , she gave me a diagram to put in the conference room as a reference for the staff meeting at the end of the day .
a man and a woman look at each other at opposite ends of a hall . a woman standing near a man that is reclining in a chair . a man sitting at a desk talking on the phone . young woman sitting at desk using computer smiles for photo . drawing of tiered business plan displayed on wall .
[male] and [female] talk about the seating and office arrangements for the new office . [female] and [male] love [male] and [female] 's ideas . [male] calls in [female] to get help on organizing the new seating charts and office rooms . [female] uses her computer and figures up different ways to set up the offices and seats . after working hard she displays the office chart on the way . everybody has their own chairs and office .
a man and a woman talking in the hallway 2 people at a desk looking at a computer screen man sitting in an office in front of a computer talking on the telephone . a woman in a maroon top smiles while interacting with her computer . even though this drawing is a primitive outline , people understand the basics .
mother of the bride relaxing until its time to get ready . mother and daughter so happy together . the bride and her entourage . the groom is trying to put on her belt . the cake looks delicious .
short-haired woman is smiling while laying on the bed in her white robe . these two ladies are both wearing necklaces and smiling for the camera . a bride and groom of a double wedding is shown . bride and with groom removing garter belt during wedding ceremony . white cake with brown tree , green ribbon , and flower decoration .
today was a very special day for me . i had all of my best friends with me . it was my wedding day and everything was in place . my wedding was very special and unforgettable . our cake was perfectly made and was very good .
a woman in a white robe is laying on a bed made up with white linens and smiling at the camera . two women are ready for a formal event . the bridal party poses by a table under the trees . the bridegroom is taking off the garter from the bride 's leg . bride and groom cutting into a white two tier cake .
the bride and groom finally got married . they got together for a group photo . the bride and groom decided to cut the cake . the men at the wedding we 're ready to party . the guests were all enjoying themselves .
a woman in her bathrobe stares into the camera . two women wearing necklaces are smiling in a room smiling people wearing formal clothes in front of tropical vegetation . a woman is trying on her wedding dress before the ceremony . a two layer frosted cake with cherry blossom branch .
christmas is the best time of the year , even if it does n't snow where this family is . they still love their christmas treats and hanging out with their family . but best of all , the christmas treats .
a christmas tree lit up and a fireplace going . a boy is petting a cat on a tree branch thepices of chocolte cakes are on a plate a baby nestles into the lap of an an adult man . just a little over half the pecan pie has been eaten
i love sitting by the fireplace , looking at the christmas tree . frisky must not enjoy all the holiday company because he was outside in the tree . grandma always makes her special brownie cakes for christmas . my niece and my brother in law spent a lot of quality time together . the butter pecan pie never seems to last in this house .
three stocking are hung up on the fireplace mantle with a decorated tree next to the fireplace . a man pets his cat that just climbed the tree a clear plate with several chocolate brownies piles on it . 1 man holding an infant on a red armchair the rest of delicious pie in an aluminum pan .
christmas is my favorite time of year . we all gathered together to celebrate . uncle fez was memorialized with the planting of his tree . [male] was sad . we ate peanut butter brownies in his memory .
a wonderfully decorated fireplace with a christmas tree for christmas . a man petting a tabby cat that is in a tree the pieces of cake have been placed on a plate that is circular in shape a man holds a small baby in a red suit in his lap . a utensil sits in a pan ready to scoop up pie .
the happy couple met up in the afternoon to grab lunch downtown and head out on a hike . the architecture and details at the restaurant were ornate and beautiful . modern , yet had classic elements mixed in . the building itself was a very old building , which had one of the very first freight elevators in the city . after a couple miles of moderate climbing , the couple found themselves at the beautiful cascading waterfall . the couple enjoyed the swing bridge over the river canyon below .
a man and woman pose for a picture outside a reflection of something outside up against a fancy fence . a warning sign is attached to the door of an elevator this picture shows a water fall in the forest . walking along a very scary looking bridge single file .
i went out into the city last week . there were many interesting sights to see . some of the doors were marked dangerous . after i left i decided to head out of the city to see a waterfall . the bridge to the falls was very narrow .
a couple in grey clothing taking a picture outdoors a plant holder inside of a fence outside . a black and white warning sign on a door a magnificent forest waterfall cascading down a cliff . people walked across the wooden walkway with netted sides that hung above the large ravine .
today we decided to take a hike . we wondered into a town an saw some nice iron work . there was also an abandoned building with a freight elevator . during the hike we saw a gorgeous waterfall . we then walked across a scary rope bridge .
a women is wearing a jacket next to a man wearing a jacket . a picture with lovely colors including green and aqua blue , and a repeating design . a very old elevator door with a warning sign . white water splashes over a waterfall in the woods . people walking along a high white bridge with a safety edging on the side .
the guys sit down to a few beers at the table it looks like they may be up to some cards . she spends some time with the young baby . a black dog comes around to enjoy the day . maybe he smelled the delicious crabs being cooked .
the man is helping cook the food over the fire . people are seated around a table with beverages on it . a woman cuddles an infant on an outdoor patio . a black dog sticks it 's nose to the grass in search of something . blue shelled crabs are being collected in a bucket .
we had a blue crab boil . everybody got to talk with each other while cracking open crabs . mom got to see our baby too . the dog tried to steal some crab to eat . we had dozens of blue crab to eat .
the man is sitting in the chair and wearing the blue hat a teenager with a blue baseball cap on talking to friends . smiling woman leaning down with a baby on her lap . a black dog with a purple collar is inspecting the grass . crabs with blue legs are piled high in a bucket .
our family recently got together to cook out and eat some crabs . this was the first time i ever got to hold a crab . most of us ate them outside in the backyard . some could not stand the heat and ate them inside on the deck . our cat smells something fishy and decided to see what was going on .
a young boy sitting in the garden with a cap three men are outside siting , while there are drinks at the table . the gramma loves holding her baby grandson and posing for a picture . a dog has their nose towards the ground of a grassy area . crabs , some of them blue , are in a large pot .
we left on the subway to get to the convention venue . hundreds of people and computers were lined up . we pulled an all-nighter and only broke briefly to eat . we were at it so long that we got kind of punchy from lack of sleep . it was a really fun way to spend our weekend in the city .
woman walking down stairs holding lit birthday cake with male following . the birthday party was a big success for all two men with there arms crossed with a woman holding a doll . a man is swirling lights around him at night a pair of male friends holding a novelty gun posing for a picture .
this year , we got [female] a wonder woman costume for her birthday . we brought some cupcakes . [female] 's best friend baked her a cake . one of the guys showed us how to write using light afterwards . then we played some board games where losers had to do some humiliating things . it was a great night .
the girl in the pink skirt is carrying a cake with candles lit . a woman holding a chocolate cake for another woman wearing a tiara . three people are posing for a picture and the one in the center is holding a toy . man standing inside several circles of yellow fire a woman is squirting a phallic type squirt gun into a man 's mouth .
it was fainally time for the birthday girl to take center stage . we brought out the cake and she blew out the candles . she unwrapped some of her gifts right afterward . later we had some fun playing with streamers outside . it 's probably best not to ask about some games we played .
a girl in a pink shirt carefully walks down the stairs with a birthday cake . a girl with a tiara and another girl with a birthday cake a woman has opened up her new wonder woman doll and her friends are posing in the background as the superheroine . a person twirling a fire stick at night . man pointing penis shaped gun at mans mouth
our monthly sales meeting was not bad this month . [male] got stuck with making name tags , but he smiled all the way through it . [male] had a bad cord on one of his monitors and spent a lot of time trying to fix that . [male] and raj just grabbed some food and watched from a safe distance . but finally everything got underway and it went off without a hitch .
man wearing gray long sleeved shirt looking down at white wire two couples are facing each other in a dark room . a group of adults standing around talking in small groups . two men and a woman smile for a photo at in indoor event . a man is standing in front of a crowd with a powerpoint presentation behind him
i went to the convention yesterday . there were a lot of people there . i got to meet a lot of different people . they were all very happy . we stayed to watch the presentations .
a man fiddles with a bit of string in his hands while sitting in a row of chairs . a few men and women stand together chatting near a window men and women wearing name tags socializing with each other a woman wears a nametag and talks to two men at an event . a man is giving a speech to a group of people .
[male] was ready to present , even though he was nervous . his whole family had arrived to watch his presentation . along with people from all over the country . they seemed excited for it to begin.. and , he finally took the stage .
a man plays with a string while sitting in a chair two men talking at a professional even of some sort . a corwd of people with name tags on are socializing . adults attending conference smile for photo at indoor venue . having a meeting and telling everyone will be going on next .
our town had a hawaiian festival this year . it was a lot of fun and there was a lot of food , too ! the police officers were there to make sure no trouble started , but of course there was n't any . my grandma is the mayor , but she sings , too . i like to listen to her sing and play her tambourine .
a catering tent at some sort of event . dark skinned people are standing around tables stacked with food girl with glasses eating something pink and tasty an old lady sings and plays tambourine while her friends play guitar a brightly dressed woman singing while two men accompany her on guitar .
the event at the park featured a very large buffet served under a tent . the local men that served were extremely charming and very generous . i was amazed at the turnout of so many people in the community . some of the night 's entertainment featured local singers . one lady in particular was extremely talented and she was accompanied by guitar .
several people walk under the awning of the tent . people with flower necklaces pick up food at a table the girl with the glasses is eating candy a woman in a blue outfit and a yellow cap singing on stage . the lady is yellow hat starts to sing while two men play the guitar .
having fun at the company picnic . an employee is having some lunch . two co-workers share a laugh . entertainment was brought in for the picnic . a couple dances to the music .
people gathered under a colorful text in front of trays of food . friends at a outdoor buffet , are standing around a table , with various meat dishes . a bunch of people at a gathering in the summer . two men playing guitars are accompanying a woman with a tambourine who is singing . a woman stands at the microphone and two men sit behind on her guitars .
the day started with a beer and the pipe . my cousin went outside to look the animals . that night , we staged a huge campfire . my sister brought her blanket along with her . before the night was over , my brother went to sleep early .
this man is just chilling in a chair in his living room . teenage punk rocker feels alienated by his rural hometown . two people are standing in front of a raging campfire . the woman in the glasses is wearing a big shirt . a man is laying on a bed facing to the left
papa [male] sat around puffing on a cigar and drinking a can of beer . the guys waited outside for it to get dark . it was time for a bonfire . it was chilly that evening , great weather to be wrapped in a cozy blanket . such a late night made everyone rather sleepy .
the man smoked his pipe and gave a thumb up to his favorite team . a man wearing a bad religion tee shirt stands in front of a pasture of cows . a bonfire made of logs with a guitar in the fire and people watching the fire . dark view of a young girl smiling in quilt a person with long hair sleeping in a tent .
the beach party was crazy . we had a huge fire going . we sat around telling stories . we also brought some drinks with us . afterward we were very sleepy .
a man smoking a pipe sitting in a chair with a plaid blanket . a very drunk man about to try and tip some cows over . a large bonfire at night , with a few people circled around it an overweight woman in glasses covers herself outside . a man sleeps in the corner of a camping tent .
our son was ready for his first game of the season . the weather was great for the boys ' game today . our son played fairly well today . he was shooting for the goal for the winning point . the ball flew past the goalie and we won !
a boy in a blue shirt that is playing on the field . soccer players in white and blue uniforms on the field . a soccer player in blue is reaching for the ball . the soccer player prepares to shoot on the goal . the soccer goalie saving the before it goes in the net .
[male] knew that this was a crucial game . it would be a hard-fought battle between two contenders . he set the pace with his fast style of play . he used limber , quick moves to outduel his opponents . in the end , [male] scored the winning goal .
a young man is playing on a soccer field . an asian boy running with the soccer ball . young men in different uniforms playing soccer as older man watches . a group of young boys playing soccer on a field the goalie jumps to block the soccer ball , successfully preventing the opposing team from making a goal .
yesterday i had my championship soccer game take place . my team played the best they could . it was very close for a while . finally i made the last goal before time ran out . it scored ! victory !
a young boy in a blue soccer uniform with red soccer shoes a group of young men playing soccer on the filed . the soccer player on the blue team prepares to kick a ball . a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball toward the goalie . a soccer player is stopping the ball from going into the net .
i started a project to start growing flowers . this is the first set of flowers i grew . you can see the great petal formation here . if you look close you can see the great pigmentation . i was very happy with the result of the flower everyone liked the .
a floral pattern is etched onto a class containing water and stems . the flower bouquet is on the white table three red roses are the main focal point . long stemmed red roses have been gathered in a bouquet . a very bright pink rose that is in full bloom .
there was a symbol on the flower pot . the flower pot held a bunch of roses . the roses were very red . each rose looked slightly different . this rose was much fuller than the others .
green stems sit inside water in a clear vase . red roses inside a glass vase on a round table . three red roses on green stems with green leaves . a beautiful red rose is in full bloom above other roses . a brightly colored pink rose with partially opened petals
i bought some roses today . they are very beautiful . i also bought a vase to put them in . i placed them on my desk at home . i smell them every time i sit down .
a design is etched into a glass vase . an arrangement of roses , tied into groups of three with green ribbon . a group of three red roses with green stems and leaves . a bright red rose is one of the best gifts that a person can give a significant other any time of the year . a close-up image of a red rose , showing details of the petals
football games draw thousands of fans every weekend . players are greeted with enthusiasm . coaches do their best to spread team spirit . the media gather to discuss the games before they start . teams make their fans happy by providing team photos .
an empty football field with no fans in it a city bus with football advertising is parked on the street . a man in glasses and a tie is smiling sports commentators from the big ten network discussing the big game . five of the football players are kneeling on the ground .
my dream of being on the football field finally came true . i got to have a tour if the players bus . the coach gave an awesome speech . i watched as they did interviews and got to see behind the scenes . but the best part was meeting all of the players .
a white goalpost on a green football field in an empty stadium on a partly cloudy day a blue bus with information about football on its side sits against a curb . an older man with brown glasses wearing a tie sportscasters on field during television interview at sanctioned event . a photographer is getting the players positioned to take a team picture .
i got vip tickets to see the superbowl . they arrived in a luxurious coach bus . i got a chance to have a meet and greet with the coach of my favorite team . i also got to meet a few of the players . it was n't until i saw the number 5 in my heart started to race , he was my favorite player of all time !
an empty football field is shown in this picture . a blue bus painted with football graphics . the older gentleman with glasses is looking straight ahead . three men in black shirts sit by a football field . the man speaks to the members of the team .
a helicopter flew high and displayed the flag . from my view , i took a picture of the architecture . the city was full of life and business . we visited the cathedral to scout the statue . we arrived at the statue and took a great photo .
a flag flying high behind the helicopter a crowd is gathered at the pier watching the boats in the water . a bridge with two flags and a building with two flags . an art display in an empty room of a museum . the statue was majestic as it stood above those who passed .
many people visit location , it is a beautiful place to go . some people love coming in by boat it makes the traveling very nice . even the bridges are so breathtaking . the view is beyond amazing . going into museums you can see wonderful works of art . the outside has many statues honoring people . this one for instance , with a man on his horse .
a helicopter in motion is flying over a flag . a bay scene full of various boats , ships and yachts . a large bridge is next to a brick building a few people is admiring the statue from above the first floor . a statue of a man and horse with a flag behind it .
the flag flying was beautiful . we got to see many famous buildings . we had a great view from where we were . we got to see a building that was a favorite by everyone . the man on the horse was spectacular .
a helicopter is carrying and displaying the australian flag . some ships are sailing down the river in the midst of a city . an image of a building that has a bridge in front of it a dark stone statue in the middle of a marble floor . a statue of a man on a horse
robotech toys ! you can build them into different things . this one is a space ship . or you can change it and make him a fighter . then into another space ship ... all from the same parts . different things listed on the back of the package .
the directions tell how to build the red robot a model is on the cover of a manual that refers to model 3 . the new robotech changer is in all stores for a reasonable price a robotech changers model figure image is pictured . an advertisement for some kind of red toy
robotech has been around for a while . the have many different sets to purchace . you can get fighter jets . aircraft jets are also available . the robotic fighters are pretty cool .
robotech changers diagram showing robotech toys and accessories . a booklet of a model kit of a robotic model . a picture of a gray model robot with wings . a brochure for a model robot showing a flying machine in the center and a robot on the upper right hand corner . a simple black white and red graphic .
robotech released their new toy , with complicated instructions.. after putting it together , you could finally get a cool ship to fly around . you could also turn it into a robot with a weapon . if you wanted to change it even further , you get an even cooler ship . there were so many different options for the new toy .
a toy with instructions on a sheet of paper directions for building a model plane robot thing this packaging illustrates the similarity of some words between languages . a toy robotech toy that is in a box . an advertisement for robotec changers , a constructive toy .
my best buddy [male] is such a goofball . we are always fooling around , playing video games and being silly . i usually beat him . he 's no good at video games . but when we go outside for football , he beats me . either way , we have a great time together .
having a drink with a good friend at my house . an image of people in the living room a man is seated in a living room . he appears to be playing a video game . there is a large , flat-screen tv sitting on a stand . the stand is filled with video games and equipment . three men playing a game in their front yard a few man playing toss football on what a yard
when the guys get together , they like to drink . everyone sits around the family room playing their own games . dad is really involved in this racing game . after sitting inside for a while , we decided to go out to get some fresh air . we played a good old fashioned game of catch .
two men that are enjoying drinks with each other . people are playing with computers in their home . a man sits in front of a large screen playing a video game . the men are standing in the yard playing a outside game . a group of people playing with a football .
the man and his brother had a great time on the holiday . they spent lots of time playing together . they played video games . they even went outside . they played football together .
two men hold glasses up posing for the camera . everyone is one an electronic in this house a guy watches tv and plays in the living room they played catch in their extremely narrow backyard . a football in the air right after it has been kicked .
the little girl was nervous riding to her first day of preschool . during the ride her nervousness turned into excitement . dad and her baby brother walked her into her school . she was happy to see the colorful board in the hallway . as soon as she got to her class she made a friend and played with a bike .
a female toddler sitting in a car seat . the girl is wondering about what is in her cup . a man walks two young girls into a building . the flowers of the kids first day of preschool two young girls push around a bike in a play room
in the car on the was to the first day of pre-school . she waved goodbye to our house . we arrived and walked into the school for the first time . the teacher had made a really cute bulletin board . she was nervous but jumped right in and began playing with the other kids .
the young girl is sitting in the back seat of a car . the little girl is showing off her cup that she is drinking . a man placing his right hand on the little girl . the classroom bulletin board has paper flowers and clouds . a couple of young girls in pre school with a bike .
this is my daughter on her first day of school , she 's so stoked . she practically dragged me up the stairs with her excitement . she waved to the empty parking lot to let everyone she was ready to awesome . the play room practically glowed in front of her , she was ready to dominate her fellow classmates . this was my last image of her , she told me that all of the toys belong to her and kids need her permission to use them , attagirl .
a little girl is sitting in a car during the day a girl in a car seat holds a sippy cup a man and tow little girls are entering a building . a picture is being displayed on a school board . the young girls are sharing the bikes in the classroom
the morning brought fresh air and the trees were lively . i found a leaf on the ground . we took the trail to find the nearest bridge . when we arrived at the bridge , we realized we were five minutes away from home . when we got home , we took a picture from inside .
the sun illuminates tree leaves on this fair autumn day . [female] leaves lay scattered on the blacktop surface of a road . a long dirt road covered with fallen leaves in a forest . the trail that goes through the park is covered in leaves plants sitting atop a windowsill on a sunny day .
it is officially the fall season because i can see that some trees have already turned their leaves to that beautiful color while others will soon follow . i am inside and look out at all the beauty of the fall and i wish it could be like this year round . long walks in the cool autumn air down country roads makes me go back in time to when i used to hunt and fish . i always loved going out in the country in the fall and to me it was the perfect time for everything including football . this pictures sums it all up for me when i say that fall is the most beautiful season and the one that i ca n't wait for every year .
a few trees are displaying signs of fall in near future . a dead leave rests on damp asphalt in an artsy photo . the sun is shining on a mulched path with vibrant green trees on the sides . a bridge and path way through the middle of a forest . potted plants sit inside a house on a window sill
we took a stroll to see the fall tree colors . here 's a fallen leaf . the trail was really quite beautiful . here we are farther up along it towards the old cabin in the woods . we made it to the dark cabin and stayed inside for the night .
giant trees with orange and yellow leaves and sky behind them brown leaves lie on a rough asphalt surface . downed tree in sparse forest area frames person in distance on path . a bridge crosses into a forest littered in fall color . brilliant yellow fall leaves are seen on a tall oak outside a kitchen window .
i love looking at my great grandparents pictures that they took . grandma said that this picture was taken just before the war . and this was part of the city park that they used to picnic at . here is a picture of their house . it is not even there anymore and has n't been for over 30 years . here is the mayor 's house , you can tell that they came from a rich background .
a scan of a black and white photo of a house is labeled `` [organization] [organization] '' . the military personnel meeting was held at the home of the highest ranking official . three different types of trees planted close together . a black and white picture of a yard with trees and a house in the background . a black and white photo of a two story house
this building is now over 200 years old . the men were on a break and talking about the war . the trees in the front yard were large . back in the day there were a lot more trees in the neighborhood . this house is still standing and looking great today .
an old black and white photo of the house soon after it was built this old picture shows several soldiers on a porch . different kinds of trees line the walkway including a palm tree . a house in the background in front of trees vines partially cover the walls of a large , old building .
today the class was looking at history we saw a lot of old looking pictures . some of the pictures were of familiar places where we lived . however a lot of these places were of old parks that had been torn down . history sure is interesting . there 's a lot to learn !
a large estate that is landscaped in an expansive style soldiers sit and stand in a group on a porch with large stone arches . a black and white photo of some trees in a yard a large field with many trees in front of an old house . large house with covered garden entry and a balcony .
we went to visit [male] at college . it was fall , so some of the campus was decorated for the season . he showed us around campus , including the quad . there were some funny spots he knew about that he was eager to show us . it was a great visit that went by too quickly !
a male laying across a bed with eyeglasses reading a book . a scarecrow that is in the middle of the forest . a small building with arches is adorned with vines . a man smiles while posing in a plywood cutout painted to look like a gorilla . a picture of a man with glasses in front of a garden .
after the zombie apocalypse , ted just drives around hoping to find other people . he checks big universities in hopes of find someone left alive . it looks like he is having no better luck here . there just seems like no one is left . this is making [male] very sad . so he moves one in hopes one day he might not be so lonely .
a bald man in a plaid shirt and jeans lays on a bed in someone 's bedroom . a happy looking scarecrow in a wooded area . a brick gazebo has verdant flora on it . a man is poking his face through a joke photo prop a man dressed casually in button down shirt and a lightweight jacket smiles for the camera in front of an estate with a sculptured garden .
the man woke up early to get ready for his trip . his first stop was to check out the friendly scarecrow . then , he went to look at the gardens . he came across a gorilla and could not resist being photographed with it . he was very happy with himself !
man with wide rim glasses , is resting his elbows on his bed . pajama-wearing scarecrow in the middle of a green forest . s small brick building with arches covered in plants a man with glasses that is in the hole . a man with glasses that is smiling at the camera .
the cyclists rounded up , ready for the marathon . they breached the woods and headed for the trail . there were many types of terrain and jumps . the cyclists had to cross narrow bridges . they eventually exited the woods and stopped for a quick rest .
people are meeting on the road on their bikes . a group of people with bicycles is standing in the shade of trees man in a helmet riding a bicycle on a board in the woods . a man wearing a bright red shirt is biking through the woods . a person rides a bike over a wooden slat bridge in the forest .
the bike club gathered i the town square . before the ride we all discussed the terrain ahead . this rider was quite adept at jumping over obstacles . one by one the riders jumped over the obstructions in the trail . there was a cool little bridge over the ravine .
some cyclists are gathered in a parking lot lined with trees . a group of bicyclers gathering in a wooded area a man is biking down a forest trail . a person is riding their bike down a small ramp in the woods . a person is biking through a peaceful forest
the bikers gather for the race . a team gathers in a field to discuss the route they will all take . the first biker sets off on the course on a path through a forest . he overcomes obstacles as he comes across them . he speeds over the wooden bridge feeling it shake beneath him .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and black helmet is on a bike . multiple bikers are out riding their bikes in a field a man is riding a bike up a wooden ramp along a wooded trail . a man riding his bicycle in the woods . the biker zooms across the wooden bridge in the woods
historic site of where battle in 1862 had taken place . this is an old worn out sign of the historic site of location location location . long lonely path leading to the historic site . here is an information sign about the battlefield and what had taken place . the battlefield is surrounded this pond of water .
a wooden information sign with white lettering in a open field by the woods . an old worn metal sign proclaims a historic site in the trees behind it . the road was too muddy to ride their bikes down a sign that tells teh story of a man that lived in the area a lare body of water is green and muddy with a reflection
a historic battlefield we are going to walk on . another sign showing where the battle took place . walking along the trail of a famous battle sight . a monument to the famous battle . the creek runs though a famous battle sight .
a forest with a sign in front that says [location] [location] [location] oct 5 1862 . an old sign next to a tree adjacent to the road a dirt two track road through the woods during late fall . this is a large sign outside by the bridge a river runs through the leafless trees
they walked by the dirty looking river . finally they found the sign directing them to the historic battlefield . after walking for awhile they found it . there was also an informational sign so that they could read about . the creepiest part was the cemetery where many of the dead were buried .
a wooden sign for the [male] bride battlefield . a sign that gives information about the site . an empty trail with track marks stands between dead trees . a sign marks [location] [location] , the site of a famous civil war battle . a muddy river in the winter when the trees have no foliage .
today is the big day that we all been waiting for our whole life . we are all getting our degree in screen arts . she is rehearsing her lines to make sure their perfect . he is so excited for today . we are all prepared to walk the stage so we can start a new journey in our life .
a group of people in graduation gowns are standing around . a piece of paper marks a spot for screen arts . a group of people on a stage in front of a sold out venue a screen on a stage shows four people with the letters nscc . a bunch of graduates are talking with each other
we had a lot of rehearsing to do for our graduation ceremony . we were very excited to receive our diplomas . we had studied for a long time . there were many students graduating this year . we had a great time .
several graduates are gathered in a hall talking . a flyer saying [organization] [organization] posted on a board . the auditorium was filled for the graduation ceremony a movie being played on a stage in an auditorium . a group of ladies , wearing black robes with white collars .
it was graduation day today . everyone was so excited to get their diploma . so many people showed up for it . we could n't wait to get on stage ! it was a great night and we are all so proud to have come this far .
a bunch of people in black robes with white collars this is an invitation to the [organization] [organization] . looking up at the people in the balcony , graduating class . a presentation is being projected onto a large curtain . a group of graduating students laugh and talk after graduation .
the area is being cautioned off for the event . people are setting up , and gathering around . there is even a place to get out of the sun . all of the news groups are there to cover everything . it was even announced in the local newspaper .
an officer and his dog are on watch at the store the people are standing in the courtyard and talking several people are crowded under an outdoor tent and beside it . two vans with satellite dishes on top are parked at the curb . group of news stories on the front of a newspaper on a table .
the security guard is standing guard over the upcoming presser . reporters are now gathered waiting for the presser to begin . they have set up tents for their organizations . the satellite trucks have arrived and are awaiting the presser . a reporter gives us a view of the latest newspaper headlines .
a police officer and a police dog guarding the door of a building . people gathered on a sidewalk , with chairs and television equipment a group of people standing on a street corner . white vans with satellites sit outside the buildings . [location] today magazine with a barbaric headline and healthcare news .
the people came to protest against what this person was doing . they marched the streets . they would no longer stand for it . they tried to get others to side with them . they waved banners and flags as they marched .
a police officer in a yellow jacket and his dog are standing next to the building . people are gathering in a parking garage with police tape , cones and folding chairs . a large group of people are gathered together for an event . news crews are on the scene to report on the latest story . the newspaper is on display to be read
many people visit location location because of the bright lights . there is a large police presence to watch over the many people . construction workers set up an organization recruiting building . two workers move a metal plate from their truck . a new screen is installed in the front of the building .
a mob of people wait for the light to change to walk across a city street . a cityscape with a [organization] [organization] advertisement in the foreground . three people standing in front of three metal doors . construction workers making repairs on the side of the road in a big city a man drilling an [organization] [organization] [organization] poster .
a big surprise for organization organization . the organization is putting in a unique career center . looking good so far . i 'd like to see the inside . a few more sheets and it will be open for business . this is really cool looking . would be cool to work in this one .
an image of a group of people crossing a busy street small silver building on a busy street with one guard and a [organization] [organization] advertisement workmen work at something below a marine advertisement . some men are doing work with metal and are near a road . a worker repairing a window frame of the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] .
we visited location location in location location location . first we came to an advertisement of the organization . then we saw on advertisement on an led screen . we watched as the construction workers complete their project . after that we came to the organization organization organization organization organization .
people are walking around times square while it 's raining cops standing and protecting the street by their car . a few men stand on the street near a screen . construction workers carry material as [organization] [organization] wakes up . a person squatting with a power tool in front of an uncle sam poster .
we hired a professional photographer for the occasion . the girl laid on the blanket to read her book . she laid on the bench with her dog . the photographer used a black and white setting to capture this moment . lastly , the girl was very happy with the photos .
a girl sits in a field on blanket with a stack of books . a young lady reading books in a park a young woman is stretched out on a bench . she is propped up on one elbow and has a cute , small dog under her other arm . she is wearing a hat and is smiling . a photo of a girl wearing a top hat a girl in cheetah print and a black hat smiling
[female] loves to read so many books . she really enjoyed the book she was reading . [female] takes good care of her dog that she named scruffy . sometimes she gets sad thinking about being away from her family . she started smiling a bit because she knows we love .
girl is sitting on a blanket outside with a stack of books and reading them . laying in the grass on a blanket reading . girl and her pet posing for a picture in a bench . woman in top hap posing outdoors in front of a building . a girl wearing hat leans against a wall
i went to the park with my dog today . i brought all my books to read . i took some pictures by the tree . i also brought a hat for myself . it was rather sunny out .
a young lady sitting on a blanket at a park with lots of books . a young girl laying on a blue blanket , reading a book , with a stack of books next to her . a young girl with a leopard outfit with a black hat lying on a bench with a dog . a beautiful woman posing for a nice photo girl sitting outside in a fedora type hat
the gardens had all types of plants , both indoors and outdoors . there were beautiful fountains along the walkway . my favorite were the blossoming water lillies . some plants had exotic fruits growing . each plant had a sign with a short description about it .
statue of a bee flying into a flower an old stone structure with running water surrounded by vegetation . [female] fish and plants all together in a pond green fruit is hanging off of the white branch with lots of leaves . a sign points out a tall chocolate tree
my family and i went to an indoor arboretum . they had a fountain inside . the indoor pond had lily-pads . some of the fruit trees actually had fruit on them . they even had a chocolate tree .
string lights are hanging from the ceiling in a building secluded pool with stepped rocks and tropical foliage pink water lilies are seen on the water . green apple still attached to branch it grew on . a large tropical tree labeled as a `` chocolate tree '' .
we went to saw many exotic flowers and gardens today . this flower looks like it has fingers ! this yellow flowers are petite and cute . the yellow is very mellow . the lily pads just floated in the water . it is cool how they stay at the top of the water . believe in or not this is a chocolate tree . unfortunately , it is not edible ! this was my favorite one . the grass grew in the middle of the flower . how cool is that ?
a tree lined with white lights and a bird feeder . man-made pool with rock walls , two small waterfalls , and several plants . the lilly pads float in the clear flowing lake here is green fruit or vegetable growing from a branch . a chocolate tree with green leaves and sign on it .
got to enjoy a organization football game with extras . here is the band , they are huge and very good at what they do . these were the singers who sang during the band performance . lovely , they spelled out organization ! got to see the world 's largest drum too .
a bunch of drums are by the football field and crowd . the side line of a football field with a lot of people in the stands . group at large people that are watching a professional golf event wearing white hats fans hold up letters on a football field a man is holding a stick beside a large drum
we went to see the fireworks last weekend . i love fireworks . there were many different kinds filling the night sky . i liked the multi colored ones . the closeups look very pretty .
a group of people that are playing the drums . a football stadium field with a marching band on it . the people are all wearing gold jackets and some have musical instruments [organization] [organization] is holding a rally in a football field . a man holds a mallet in front of the world 's largest drum .
it was an important game day at organization . the crowd was excited . everyone stood up during the national anthem . when the anthem was over everyone cheered . organization organization has a vibrant football culture .
a group of people stand in front of drums at a sports game . a marching band on the football field of a major university . a crowd of people with hats on and yellow shirts are watching something . a group of people standing on the field of the stadium . a man holding a mallet to hit the world 's largest drum .
two office coworkers sent notes to each other . they were playful and sometimes cute . one of them had really nice handwriting . they did this every day and i noticed they blushed when they read them . if i recall correctly , they always meet in the bathroom after reading each others ' notes .
a sticky note on the wall written in messy handwriting . someone wrote a note on a piece of paperfor us to read a post it note with hand written note a sign advertises a league at the university of chicago an handmade sign on top of another sign saying not to fail .
i spent all day yesterday writing notes to everyone in the office . i put a lot of quotes . and funny jokes . and some inside jokes . everyone had a great laugh .
a white and black sticky note with a speech bubble papers scattered on a desk with motivation slogans written on them . a child expresses their wish in writing for a rock climbing wall . a posted piece of paper reading `` to make masters league sc ! ! '' piece of paper with words written on it
he made a board for them . there assignment was to post their dreams on it . their ambitions . their goals . since it was anonymous , a few left pranks .
a student that is going into a p.h.d . program . people have written motivational sayings in cartoon thought bubbles at a university in [location] . a piece of paper with a quote circle and words in it . the objective was clearly written on the piece of paper a sticky note asking the writer to voice their dream reads , `` to not fail . ''
everyone lines up before the race starts . the gun goes off and everyone starts running . at the one mile mark we have lost half of the runners . at the end of the race people started showing up . one after another , people made some good time !
a group of runners gather together and wait for the race to start the runners set off at the start of the race . this runner only has one mile to go . two women jogging on a track wearing a pair of trainers runners running past cones and a sign reading 35:55
[male] signed up for the local marathon . he had a great start and was leading the crowd . by the time he reached the one mile mark he noticed no competition . in fact most of the runners were struggling far behind . it took them 35 minutes to even reach the one mile mark .
people in a physical event standing around the start of a road race , with runners wearing numbered bibs . a bare chested boy in blue shorts races past the one-mile marker sign two women are running in a race , and they are very close to one another . two woman with numbers on their shirts jogging by orange cones .
community run by the community center to start.it was a great turn out and amazing to see so many people participate.i do n't know how they do it.i 'd literally die running a mile . men and women from all walks of life , large and small . one mile marker..wow look at that stride . i 'm not sure of the actual distance run or who was first through the finish line.but the picture i took was at 35:32.running that long is a work out i think . many people coming in still after 35 minutes of running.they all gave it a good try and did really well .
multiple people wearing running shoes and some people have numbers on their stomaches . men and women with number tags running in a race . a boy passes the one mile mark in a footrace . two women with bib numbers are running in a race . this image depicts an amateur marathon containing an electronic time sign , cones to indicate the course and the athletes who wear their assigned entry numbers .
we all came out for the july 4th fireworks display . the colors were bright and vibrant . this was my friends favorite , since his favorite color is blue . this was my favorite just because of the brightness . the grand finale was spectacular . what a great show !
large plumes of light come off from the fireworks . an interesting lighting of squiggly lines light up the night in this fireworks show . a blue firework is exploding over the night sky . a red firework bursts over the night sky . red , white , and blue fireworks light up the sky .
fireworks are my absolute favorite part of independence day . the different colors always catch my eye . some of them are two toned and reach far into the night sky . some burst into a blossom like a flower . the fireworks that look like a star are my personal favorite .
a golden firework lights up the night sky . colorful fireworks light up the night sky . white and blue exploding firework in a black sky . fireworks that are the color red are being display . the night sky was illuminated by a firework display for all to see .
last monday i bought a new camera . i thought that the local 4th of july fireworks display would be a good time to try it out . i can adjust the shutter speed to give a blurry effect colors show up great even in the dark ! it 's also got a sport setting to let me take action shots !
a bright white firework exploding in the night sky . the fireworks are shooting off in the sky . a blue and white fireworks display goes off in the dark . red fireworks are exploding in the black night sky a row of fireworks exploding in a night sky .
looks like the ladies are gathering in the kitchen again . aunt [female] retreated to her favorite chair . while aunt mel is enjoying a cold one to celebrate the reunion . uncle [male] ca n't even stay awake . he hates these kind of things . it is great to see the whole family get together again .
a family of seven sits outside on the front porch . the women are standing in the cluttered kitchen . a woman with glasses that is holding up a cup . a woman smiles widely while trying to take a picture a man that is sleeping on the sofa bed .
this family gets together with grandpa every summer . mom shares her recipes with the daughter in law in the kitchen . mom and grand ma invited little [male] to come by for a drink . the daughter and daughter in law wanted to make sure to get a photo of little [male] . and of course [male] dosed off on grandpas favorite chair .
the family is sitting together under the cover for the porch . two women are in a kitchen smiling for the camera . the women gather to converse and share some quality time together . in the kitchen , a woman is smiling and holding a camera . a man in a salmon polo is resting on a chair .
we got the family together for a nice relaxing day , just to catch up on each others lives . i helped mom organize her kitchen , it was such a mess , but i had fun spending time with mom . we made some cocktails to drink . something mild but i knew mom would enjoy it . we had a lot of fun , we also took a lot of pictures to remember this blissful day . we caught [male] sleeping ! he could n't handle all the amazing food we had eaten .
this is a family with parents and in-laws all gathered together on the front porch . two women work in the kitchen together , reinforcing unfortunate gender stereotypes . three women standing together with one gesticulating using her cup . woman in black top and grey cardigan holding a camera . and the owner is not concerned at all
this women wore a very interesting dress . we met with some supporters who talked about the event . they all gathered in the middle of town square . some of my friends gathered together to talk about our options . i met this woman on the side who taught me about life .
the women is wearing sun glasses while selling clothing two teenage girls stand outside and smile at an event . a crowd of people walking around on sidewalks with vendors set up under green tents . three men at a fair looking at something . a woman with a name tag is posing for a picture on a sidewalk .
the market carried traditional clothing . the ladies looked through the things available . some of them bought food . the men sold books . she was looking at the books .
woman in colorful coat standing under a ten with other garments hanging beside her . an image of two girls that are outside a lot of people are here in the festival . a group of men are standing outside at some event an attractive woman stopped on the sidewalk smiling .
it was going to be a great day of business . sales were brisk already . they had a large crowd . even some guys came . she was able to find several bags fully of goodies , all at rock bottom prices .
a woman fully dressed standing next to a table with clothing around it the two girl pose a good shot for the remembrance of their moment . the crowds of people are walking around checking out the vendors . threes males are standing and one male sitting at an outdoor event ; many other peolpe can be seen in the background . a woman with long brown hair stands by a stone wall .
i went to the award ceremony yesterday . there were a lot of people there . everyone received an award for their effort . they had a great time . i really enjoyed being there . some of the soldiers started singing .
men dressed in military clothes sitting on chairs a group of military men stand at attention . a military man is holding up a certificate in front of a group of people . two soldiers shaking hands and exchanging a document . uniformed male soldiers sounding off in a formation in a tent
it 's time to pick teams for war again . the white general starts calling out names . the bearded general starts calling on his turn . `` stop ! '' yells the caliph . raucous laughter from the peanut gallery , the bearded guy does n't actually get a turn .
a group of soldiers are sitting together in rows . a group of army men that are in a tent . a man in camouflage holding up a certificate . the soldier is being presented a certificate from his superior . a group of men from the military singing ,
it was one of my last days at the military training base in the desert . the ceremony began with speeches by some of the higher-ups , about the hard workers shown before them . one man got up and expressed his gratitude for being able to serve his country . finally , the officer stood up , held up a certificate showing the completion and handed one to each private . the men cheered each other on as they received their certificate for the hard work they 've done over the past eight weeks .
a group of military men that are sitting on a chair . a group of soldiers who appear to be from a middle eastern country . a person in military uniform holds up a certificate . a man in military garb hands a certificate to , and shakes the hand of , another man in camouflage attire a bunch of men in uniforms are all yelling .
one of our favorite things on the trip were the sunsets . during the days , people would sail the lakes . we made friends with many of the locals . we had a great time exploring the ruins . when the ship arrived , we did n't want to leave !
a large , fairly eroded statue of a pharoah . the woman is standing between the two statues . ladies standing in front of three men on a camel . the people are standing on top of the ruins . several people walking near the [location] and [location] in [location]
the location location gets a bad rap , but going there is amazing . we saw statues that date back centuries and it 's really humbling to look at them . of course modern transportation is still kind of iffy out there , so the old ways work best , namely camels . looking at all this history really made us think . what would our legacy be in 1000 years ? and of course there was the sphinx . trust me , seeing it on tv and movies is nothing compared to seeing it in real life .
a single person looking at a large ancient statue standing in between the statues and folding my arms like theres tourists pose in front of men riding camels . people looking at and walking on a large group of rocks . a view of [location] showing tourists , sphinx and pyramids .
the family visited location during the fall . the children begged their mother to make a funny pose in front of the pharaoh statues . we took a few pictures of our children next to camels . the family was hesitant in climbing the pyramid . we decided to take a picture of the pyramid from afar . if we visit location again , the family will not be afraid to climb the pyramid .
the man is standing below the pharoah statue . the woman iks standing between the two large egyptian sculptures . a pair of women are standing in front of a camel . people are climbing on a pyramid made of large boulders . walking toward the pyramid which is amazing looking .
aunt [female] laughed at her nieces and nephews having fun in the pool . uncle [male] was out of it after eating three plates of food . the cake which was designed as the american flag was very delicious . the family made sure to keep everyone safe when lighting the fireworks . one of the best fireworks of the night concluded the family festivities .
a woman in a pink tank top laughs joyfully as she relaxes with her drink . a man looks on dubiously while someone snaps a picture . it 's the fourth of july , and someone has cut the cake to reveal a beautiful interior resembling the american flag . a set of fireworks that are ready to ignite . a small firework is shot in someones front yard .
getting together for the 4th of july is a yearly occurrence . meek was glad to be there . the cake was so good . our fireworks were a dud though . they did end up doing great later .
a woman in a red tanktop sitting down and laughing a man looks sort of bewildered in his chair a plate with a piece of cake and a fork on it . a firework that is starting to ignite in the field . some fireworks going off in the middle of the night .
i 'm going to sit back and wait for the fireworks display . that 's the same idea i had . this is boring though . ooh cake . how did they make a flag on each slice ? awesome ! the fireworks are about to begin . there they go !
a woman that is smiling in the chair . a man leans back in an adirondack chair outdoors . a slice of cake on a plate looks like the american flag . a outdoor yard with piece of wood on fire . a firework goes off in the street at night time
the boys are both dressed up and ready to have some fun . [male] is dressed up like a scientist . do you like his little mustache ? [male] is dressed up like a firefighter ready to save the day . before they got out trick or treating , the boys went to check on some awesome pumpkin decorations . they are ready to go and grab some sweets .
two boys playing dress up stand next to each other under a tree with yellow leaves . a little boy with a fake mustach in a blue suit a little boy is dressed like a fire fighter complete with hat . a little boy dressed up as a firefighter , looking at at decorations that look like pumpkins . two young boys in costumes posing for a picture under a tree of with fall foliage .
the family arrived at the forest , ready for a great family day . they pose before starting the day 's activities . it seems like they are sharing a great story after the picture one of the brothers decides to get a mustace they begin playing a game to round out the day
two kids dressed up for halloween one of them is a fireman a young boy imitates an adult , with a moustache , tie , and jacket . a little kid that is wearing a red cap . a child in a costume plays with pumpkin cut outs two small children that are dressed in costumes
our two boys were so excited to celebrate halloween and get candy . out older son decided to dress up as a doctor . our youngest son went as a firefighter , the same job as his dad . we played games with cut out pumpkin boards . after that we departed to go get some candy .
two children , wearing costumes , standing under a yellow leafed tree . a boy with a fake mustache is posing for a picture . a small child looks anxious while wearing a fireman 's hat . a boy a halloween costume with a hand in front of the hole of a pumpkin cutout . two little boys are wearing costumes and smiling
it 's a dead heat for first plce and now the majority of the racers are coming across the line it takes dedication to run a race all the crowds of people and the long track to run but the cause makes it all worth while
a group of runners running down a street as a crowd looks on . many people are competing in a race through the street while others spectate . the runners made their way down the route through the town marathon runners on city street during sanctioned event . marathon runners take to the streets o a sunny day .
the runners just began the race . they were slowly taking off from the starting position . there were so many people running . i watched them go by for a few minutes . after a while i left to find something to eat .
a group of runners are running through an intersection as onlookers stand by . a crowd of people are gathered to watch runners pass by . people are participating in a race on a street people are joining the run for the event at the city several people run in a race along a road .
everyone was excited to watch the big race . the runners were passing by adoring crowds . one of the runners , [male] , waved at his mom as he ran by . [male] was pretty popular , so he was waving at a lot of people along the route . it seemed like everyone was having a good time at the race .
the runners are running through the empty streets . a group of people running down the street being looked on by persons a large group of runners are participating in a marathon . people wearing race bibs are running a race . the run a thon was a patient run and many joined in
the family gathered for our younger brother 's engagement party . our brother asked the family to arrive early . he showed up before his girlfriend . during dinner , our brother talked about how his girlfriend did n't know he was going to propose . we took a picture of all the men in the family . the girlfriends parents arrived . they sat down to talk with my brother about their future . my brother confessed that he was going to be proposing that evening .
the back side of the building is dominating the awe inspiring river with a encompassing path , lighted for all the walkers and people observing the sun setting over the municipality . the banquet room is all set up and ready for the party to start . people are sitting in chairs around tables in a restaurant three young men smile at the camera while sitting at a table at a gathering . four adults sitting togehter at a booth enjoying a meal .
the view from the patio of the restaurant . the buffet table at the restaurant for the students gathering . some of the students sitting down to eat a well deserved dinner . a couple of young men posing for a picture after dinner . some of the professors catching up after eating .
an outdoor picture with a tree lined street during a sunset there are plates and a basket on the table . people seated around a table having dinner at a conference a group of men are seated to a table with glasses . four people sitting at a restaurant table having a conversation .
i had a great time at the dinner last weekend . there were a lot of my friends there . we ate a lot of great food . afterward we had some drinks . we stayed there drinking for a few hours .
bare trees with a beautiful image of the sunset . a formal buffet , set up but without patrons , in a nice venue , with small girl drawing near . a large group of people sitting at banquet tables having a meal . several men are sitting at a long white table . some people are enjoying lunch at a nice cafe .
the neighborhood trash pickup day started without a hitch . everyone worked their hardest to do what they could . even the mayor came out the show us his support . it was rough out in that cold , but we managed to do our best . the after party was also tons of fun .
two men walking through a parking lot and carrying something . a line of cardboard boxes filled with miscellaneous items . a man in a suit talking to a woman in an orange vest . the woman is handing a bowl of food to the man . group of young people gather on dry hockey rink .
the group arrived for a volunteer conference . some of the people took time to meet with the organizer . they prepared the conference to be able to handle a large crowd . some helped direct the people where to go . when everyone arrived , they broke into groups for an exercise .
two men are carrying items through a parking lot . three boxes filed with a variety of different things a man and girl chat at a conference with others in the background . a woman is placing an object into the man 's hands . a group of people with jackets and three wearing hats standing around
the participants of the leadership conference were encouraged to bring non-perishable food for donation . some of the donation items before everyone arrived . one of the speakers talks with an attendee during a break . lunch is served at the halfway point of the day . a team building exercise after the speaking was all done .
two men walking together across a parking lot one with a box the boxes are filled with more junk food than candy store a woman talking to an older man at an event . the woman is handing the man his food . a crowd of people wearing winter gear at an ice rink .
[male] and [male] want to have a party so [male] can introduce the group to his new girlfriend . when they tell their roommates , their roommates act very surprised . [male] and [male] try to convince everyone that it will be a good idea . the general consensus is a decided unease . finally the roommates agree to throw a party and [male] is able to tell her girlfriend that they agreed .
the man standing on the left is much taller than the man on the right . a woman in a yellow shirt is looking directly into the camera without fear . a man is resting his arms on the table . man sitting at table wearing striped shirt next to a plant . a woman and a man are pictured together .
just walked into the place to have something to eat and hang out a little . a couple of people are joining in to the potential fun . looks like a couple of guys are having a beer . he looks like he`d like to join in with the others . this woman is a new addition to the gang forming inside .
two men are standing facing each other , one man is much taller than the other people standing in a kitchen next to a large island a group of men sit at a table with beers on it . a man sits at table with a flower assortment by him and makes a silly face . a couple that is next to each other .
friends of all sizes decided to goof off today . the drinks they had may have had something to do with it . interesting facial expressions were made . funny faces could not be controlled . even goofy outfits appeared .
a tall man looks down at a shorter man in a fairly open space . there is people sitting and looking at camera . four men sitting at a table pose for the camera . a person is sitting next to the brown table . a man and woman are standing together for a photo .
after the good food and conversation everyone is waiting on the end of night celebration it is starting to get late and people interests are waining so another round was served and now the fireworks begin
the man is opening a cold beer to drink . a group of men stand around a kitchen drinking beer and talking . a group of friends that are standing next to each other . the men at the party drank and told jokes as they hung out in one 's home . fireworks are on display in the night and you can see the city lights in the distance .
[male] and [male] pose before going in to the meeting . he was happy with the results ! [male] looks pretty pleased as well . afterwards we ball discussed the results . we were so happy we set off fireworks to celebrate !
a bearded man in a hat smiling and unscrewing the top of a beer bottle . men are standing together in a house and talking several people gathered in a room together talking . several men sitting near a tv tray covered with drinks . the fireworks were lighting up the night sky
i went to my friend 's house party last week . there were a lot of people there . we were all having a great time . we played some games while we were there . afterward we went up to the roof to shoot some fireworks .
a man in a black and white striped shirt and black cap holds a bottle . a group of five men standing inside of a room with a sliding glass door the people are gathered in the home 's living room . a group of men sitting and standing around an apartment . fireworks are being set off on a rooftop overlooking the city lights below .
we are taking a bike ride over to the shore . the rode has it 's own bike lane which is nice . we finally made it over , and there are seals all over beach . the rocks are very close to the shore on this side . it is fun watching the seals swim around the beach .
four people pose with their bicycles on the sidewalk . the man and woman riding bikes with one another dozens of seal lions lay on the sand . seals lying on brown rocks in the water . an otter is slowing moving into the water .
the family riding our bikes and getting exercise . look at us go , i hope i do n't wreck . the seals were on the beach getting some sun . some of the stayed in the water . they are going back to the water where they belong .
four people on bikes stop to pose for a photo on the sidewalk . the two people was out on the highway riding there bike seals with mottled fur are laying on a brown sandy beach . a few seals lay on the rocks in the water . a baby seal entering into the ocean from a beach .
mother and sons prepared for their bike ride . they wore helmets and traveled in the bike lane to the beach . at the beach they saw seals sunning themselves . some of the seals went for a swim ... and some of the seals made a splash !
four people stand by their bicycles on a brick sidewalk . a man and a woman ride bikes on a city street . marine animals create a disturbing picture as they lie dying on the sandy beach . an animal lays on the rocks that 's in the river . a small seal entering the water from a beach with white sand .
a group of friends got together to celebrate st. [female] 's day . everyone waited patiently for the food to arrive . when the food arrived it was all very delicious . then everyone got together for a group photo . after that , everyone finished off the night with dancing .
a girl with blonde hair looking out of a board caricature a group of people drinking an sitting down at a bar . people sit around a small tray of fried appetizers . group of young adults standing by [organization] [organization] 's day sign a big group of people all dancing together in a club .
i went to [male] 's birthday party yesterday . it was also a st. [male] 's day . [male] got a cell phone for a birthday present . hectors close friends were there . the crowd got bigger as the night went on .
a woman is having her picture taken with a st. [female] 's day cardboard stand-up . the group of friends sat together and enjoyed their drinks . a plate of appetizers sitting on a table in a restaurant . people celebrate at a bar and pose for a picture . group of people dancing on dance floor of a club
st. [female] 's day is always a fun celebration in the city . this restaurant always gathers a large crowd . the food is very delicious and the menu is large . after dinner , the drinks are poured and the partying begins . by the end of the night , most everyone is drunk and dancing .
large st. [female] 's day board showing leprechan image mooning . people sit around a table enjoying their drinks . a basket full of mexican food left overs . a group of people in a public place posing for the camera . a group of adults on a dance floor mimicking the moves of something at the front .
duke was excited for 4th of july . he could n't wait to spend it with his owner , [female] , and his brother , sparky . and then the fireworks began ... they were so loud that they scared sparky ! he ran inside , and [female] had to go find him and hold him tightly to calm him down . duke was n't scared , though . he loved the fireworks and could n't wait for the next time he could watch those bright explosions high in the sky .
dog wearing red , white and blue bandana with his mouth open the dog watches the woman hugging another dog . long exposure photo of fireworks in a night time sky a dark sky showing a large white fire work going off . the woman is playing with her black furry dog .
the dog posed proudly in the women loved her dogs , and she made sure to show them that through hugs . the fireworks were all different colors . the fireworks were a great sight to see . the women was happy to receive kisses from her dog .
a long haired brown dog wearing a scarf . the pink-shirted woman hugs a black dog while a brown dog watches . there is fireworks in a late night sky . a blurry photo of a big firework going off in the sky . a laughing woman with her eyes squeezed shut hugs a black dog .
duchess was all decked out for the fireworks viewing party . [female] giving buster some lovin ' . the fireworks were awesome , as always . i could n't believe how close we were to the fireworks . [female] took a selfie with buster after the fireworks .
a dog is wearing a hankerchief around it 's neck . woman on wooden deck having fun with dogs . gold fireworks going off in the night sky a firework explodes lighting up the night sky a woman is holding a black dog in her arm
the man got his bike ready for his trip . he was planning to ride up the location location location . he was joined by two friends , who were just as excited . it was a tough ride , so they rewarded themselves with a picnic lunch . their arrival at the location location location marked a milestone in their trip .
a man adjust his bicycle tires in the dark . a sign states that a bike route to the [location] [location] of [location] is up ahead two people riding bicycles wear matching red helmets . a person wearing an orange jacket and helmet stands next to a bicycle and picnic table . a woman bicyclist posing in front of the [location] [location] [location] [location] .
fixing up his bike . following the pacific coast bike route . taking a lunch break . eating fruits and sandwiches about to cross the location location bridge .
a young man working on the brakes on his bike a bike route sign is posted in the ground two bicycle riders stopped on a gravel road . a woman poses with her bike for a picture a woman posing with her bike in front of the [location] [location] [location] .
this weekend we geared up and got our bikes out for a little adventure . we made sure to use the bike routes . it was a blast . we traveled for miles and miles . this was [female] 's first time riding a bike in a long time . we just had to get a picture of the location location location in the background . it was a fabulous time .
a young man is working on fixing his pedal bike . a roadside marks a bike route for the [location] [location] of [location] . to people wearing helmets standing with their bicycles . a person is standing with her bike next to a picnic table . a woman with a pink top posing next to a bridge
i like riding the train into the city when i get to the city i always do lots of shopping . i love to get food there it 's so good and tasty . and the people are always so nice .
a woman looks out of a train window as it sits in a station . a person is walking down a street and other people are walking in front of her . a red haired woman appears to be rolling her eyes , the woman in front of her examines an item . a man and a woman shopping at a market . a young woman in a scarf holds food in her mouth .
this was my first day and my first ride on a subway and my roommate told me she would take some pictures of me in the city . i got off the subway and just stared at all the buildings . i thought i would go to some stores and low and behold there was someone doing something weird , it made me just stare . i see that there are some elderly people shopping here too . they asked me to try a few things and i am telling you it tasted horrible . i should n't have opened my mouth with food in it , but i could n't help it .
a woman staring out the window of the subway . a lady in a gray outfits walking down a city street a woman looks at an object in her hands while the woman behind her looks bored . two people that are ready to purchase items in front of the counter . she wanted all to see what was in her mouth
i took the subway to downtown last week . i went shopping . there were a lot of cool items to try out . i met some interesting people while i was there . afterward we got a bite to eat and the food was really hot .
not many people are waiting outside the train station . a woman in a gray coat walks down the street a woman in a store with an open bag next to shelves of bottles . two people shopping and viewing spices at a store . a woman with cat-eye glasses has a mouth full of food .
we had to join up several tables to fit the family . we all said grace before eating . the food was great , even the picky kids loved it . dad sat at the head of the table as usual . at the end of the meal , we all sat at the table sharing memories .
many chairs sitting around an extremely long covered table . several people sitting around at a table inside . a kid eats food at the table while looking up at an adult . the people are gathered at the table for the meal a group of adults sits at a table drinking wine .
getting out whole extended family together for one meal is a big production ! everyone was ready for a great meal , with treats and delights from the diverse branches of our family . even the little kids found something yummy , although most were curious about why all these people were their family . the adults told stories and re-lived old time , and soon even the children knew all these people well . by the end , it was , as is every dinner , a time to clean up , but also a time to relax and enjoy the mellowness of the end of a good meal .
several people talk to each other while sitting around a large table . the people are sitting at a restaurant table . a boy finishes eating his meal while talking to an adult . the family sits at the table for dinner , and the adults have wine . a family have a talk after dinner
when everyone arrived we all sat around the table . everyone was very hungry . we also had a kid that was hungry . we served the food . everyone really enjoyed it .
the dinner table is set up and ready for the family to sit down and eat . romaine lettuce-filled glasses create centerpieces at a table people are gathered around . a small child is eating at the table while the adult looks on a family sits down together for dinner time . a family is sitting around the dinner table .
my family and i arrived on top of the mountain at sunset . we took pictures inside the suv . we parked on the top of the mountain . we took pictures on top of the mountain . we looked over the mountain .
a woman with blonde hair is holding a young boy in a car . the sun is setting over the dark horizon the view of the city is beautiful from here . a presentation showing various flowers sits on its side . the sky is blue and white over the car
i went down to the beach last week . the sun was setting so we decided to head to head to the hotel instead . it was a long drive . when we finally arrived it took forever to find a parking space . we had a good night 's rest .
a young boy sits on a woman 's lap in the car . the sun is rising over the houses in a neighborhood a tree green is the foreground of this panoramic view of a city under hazy skies . a wall has many labeled photographs of different flowers . a sideways view of the car is seen .
they had started the car trip so early they kept [male] in his pajamas . after driving for two hours the sun began to rise . they had just gotten to the top of the mountain when the sun filled the valley below them . they ate breakfast at a road side park that had a display about local flowers . after breakfast they got back into the car to start driving again .
blonde woman holding a young boy inside a vehicle . the sun sets over the horizon , while a car is parked in the foreground . the mountain view had a purple hue of the valley below . the sign has the different flowers displayed on it with a description . the image is of a blurry white or silver suv
it was a beautiful day for a wedding . all of the bridesmaids were excited for the happy couple . and the groomsmen had a great time , too . the couple was clearly very much in love . they rushed off on their honeymoon as soon as they could .
a horizontal picture of couple on their wedding day . a couple of women are holding flowers and smiling a view of a group of men 's legs and their shoes . a bride holds red and white roses as she stares into the eyes of a groom , they are both smiling bride and groom sitting in a red convertible
after a long engagement period , the couple finally got married . four bridesmaids were friends of the bride . male guests huddled together to talk about sports . the groom and the bride looked very happy . when the wedding ceremony was over , they said goodbye to their guests and went to their hotel .
a wedding couple that has just gotten married . bridesmaids gathered togetheroutdoors with bouquets for a photo . four men wearing different brown dress shoes stand in a circle . a happy couple gets married and takes a candid photo . a woman in a wedding dress and a man in a suit in the back seat of a convertible car .
last week i met all of my friends and we decided to go for a walk . some were very well dressed for the day . one of my friends decided to be the leader of the walk . off we go ! after about five minutes we had to stop because our feet hurt .
bride and groom with other adults nearby in outdoor photo . the bridesmaids are smiling at the camera and holding bouquets . a group of four men wearing leather shoes . a bride and groom gaze into each others eyes they were so excited to finally be married and he couldnt wait to get home .
my son and daughter were both graduating last week . my son was the youngest , and now he is moving on . we are proud of his astute achievements . he took a picture with his girlfriend before coming home . my other son is proud of my youngest son .
a man who is graduating is posing for a picture with a girl . group of men in black robes posing for pictures together . a guy on graduation day standing there looking . a young man and a lady holding a bunch of flowers a young asian man wearing a white shirt standing in a courtyard of some sort .
the cute group of friends posed for a photo before graduation . even [male] and [female] [male] were excited . at graduation they both received cool presents . and they were seated in the honours row . goodbye lockers - they wo n't be seeing you anymore !
the graduate is posing with a girl after graduation . three men stand together in there graduation outfits . young , asian male in a black graduation robe holding a microphone . two asians , a boy and a girl , are posing for a photo outside next to a street . the woman is holding a bouquet of red and purple flowers . a young male asian is standing outside leaning on cement .
those were happier times , in the quad between classes . i presented my girlfriend , with her alluring hair highlights , some aromatic flowers . at graduation , she returned the gesture ; hard to believe i was loving her from afar for all of high school . of course , there were certain teachers who would hurt the children in any way they could ; but even so , some managed to smile at graduation . after catching her cheating on me , i cut my girlfriend into little pieces and left her in the unmarked locker , third in from the right , on the top row .
a young man in graduation regalia stands with a female friend at the [organization] [organization] [organization] . the graduates are happy at their accomplishment they made . a student at a graduation ceremony , wearing a graduation robe and holding a diploma . a man and a woman stand in the street . sharp looking asian man stands in front a brick building .
the racers were prepared for the big marathon . i was excited and positive i could win the race . photographers took pictures of me and the other racers . it was rainy , but we had a lot of fun . we needed to drink water to rehydrate .
two women are smiling posing for the camera two women participating in a race on the street and there are people controlling the street with signs to ensure safety . a man taking a picture of someone holding the camera . runners travel down the street during an organized event . the person wearing warm clothing is drinking from a cup
my friend [female] ran a 5k yesterday . here she is entering the race . her brother brought along a camera . the race had many participants . here 's [female] getting refreshed .
two women at a race in cold weather smile at the camera . a woman is smiling as she is running in a race . person taking a picture of the cameraperson with marathon runners proceed toward the finish line together the woman drinks her cup of water on the street .
[female] [female] and [female] pose before the marathon that [female] [female] is running . [female] [female] has caught up with [female] [female] . [male] [male] is taking pictures of me taking pictures of him . come on racers to take a rest break . [female] [female] is doing well in her race but she needs a water break .
two people take a photo of themselves standing outside a woman taking a selfie of herself running with another woman on the road a man is taking a photograph by a street in the fall . the runners had to dress warmly due to the chilly weather . a woman is drinking a beverage at a stop during a run .
it was a beautiful day at the lake . my dad took us out on his boat . we enjoyed relaxing while he got the tube ready . once he had it attached , my brother got on and my dad took off . i decided to water ski instead of using the tube .
a man driving a boat on a waterway on a sunny day a boy is riding on an inner tube pulled by a boat family enjoys the sun and goes tubing with a boat a man on an inflatable tube rides in the wake of a boat on a river passing through a canyon . an expanse of blue water in a lake flows in front of a rocky shore .
in the summer time , dad likes to take big [male] out on the lake for some tubing behind the boat . big [male] weighs 250 pounds so he really needs to punch the throttle for maximum power . wow , big [male] broke the ski rope . that kid is so strong ! yeah , we got the right speed . big [male] is hydroplaning perfectly , he 's barely touching the water at this speed . we have so much fun tubing on the lake . i ca n't wait until next weekend .
this gentleman is out on his boat in a lake . the clear sky and calm water makes for a perfect boating day . the boat is pulling a boy who is riding an raft . a large body of water is mostly calm with some waves a man is being pulled on an intertube in the water . a beautiful landscape looks pristine on a gorgeous day .
he loved his boat and spending time on the water . no one had loaded the ski 's so they had to settle for the tube . he gave each of them a turn on the tube . when it was his best friends turn , he pulled him over the wake on purpose . the water was the perfect temperature and the sky was clear and blue .
a man driving a runabout boat through a desert lake . a raft is getting pulled by a boat . man on tube being pulled by a boat on a lake . a man is enjoying his time on the lake as he is being pulled by a powerboat . a view of the mountains from the body of water .
there were many people relaxing in the living room . there were many shots and drinks set up . my friends began to take drinks in order . my best friend was the real tanker . he took four shots . he said the room was spinning and it was obviously not spinning .
a man in a black shirt talking to someone at a get together . drinks are on ae silver metal tray on a red table a man in a black shirt is taking a drink . a man next to his girlfriend takes a drink from his glass of water . people sitting in a booth at a diner
he had to take birthday shots . lots of alcohol was on the plate . he started off with his first shot . later , he reached for the tequila . later on , he really started to feel the effects of alcohol .
people sitting at a table drinking with a person talking to someone out of focus plate with drinks and filled shot glasses in it a man is tossing back a shot at a gathering young man sits alone drinking a beverage with lime . friends are seated at a booth in a bar .
family and friends gathered at the restaurant for the celebration . a platter of drinks arrived . one of us did n't hesitate to jump right in . he 's always a good story teller after a few drinks . sometimes he will get up to act it out . we left shortly after .
a man with a dark t shirt is having a conversation at a party the serving platter features several different types of glassware . a man takes a shot of alcohol as others watch . a man wearing a black shirt and holding a tall glass drink a man having a great time at a bar .
the player in white has the ball , dribbling to the hoop . as he goes up for a shot , the player in red has a quick defense . now in possession of the ball , the red team plans to make a point . the crowd cheers from the sidelines . white team has the ball again and goes up for a shot .
a basketball player is trying to take the ball [organization] 's engaging strategies during sanctioned game of basketball . two basketball players fighting over a ball during a game . spectators cheering a match for the winning team . an image of people that are playing basketball
a long night , but he went for the basket . he was almost blocked . looking to pass was a hard task . the crowd wanted more from the team . that was the first three-pointer of the night .
two players playing basketball , which team will win . basketball players are fighting over the brown basketball two men that are playing a game of basketball . fans cheering at an athletic event , three men are wearing white hats . number 11 is about to shoot the ball in the net at a basketball game
before every game , as the many support staff are getting ready , the fans start getting excited . they line up , hungry for any glimpse of the players . they scream and shout during the game , electrified by the action . the big green monster might look like the organization organization mascot , but any true fans know he 's very different . if you are a fan of the black and white , you are a fan all the way !
a couple of men are playing a basketball game a basketball player is trying to take a shot while another player wrestles for control . a man on a basketball court trying to keep the ball from another player . a group of sports fans are busy cheering four basketball players playing basketball in front of a crowd .
a fun soccer match , that is my team in the black . the team with the white shirts was very good . that is me about to kick the ball . the other teams players could jump very high . the ball goes into the net , goal !
a person is kicking the football on the field . 2 soccer players competing in the field for the ball . hockey game is going pretty well under the circumstances two young boys playing soccer leaping in the air the soccer players are trying to make a goal against the other team .
the children played an intense game of soccer . they were both very eager to get ahead in the game . one boy played with his heart to score a goal . it was a great game and it was close . the goalie tried his best to stop them from scoring .
a boy playing soccer is chased by two members of the other team . young lads preparing to attack ball during match with team members sitting on bench nearby . a boy is kicking a soccer ball while another boy tries to block him . two young boys and one man are behind them . two young male soccer players grimace as they jump in the air on a grassy field . a team about to score a goal in their soccer game
the blue shirt has the ball . the boy lines up a goal . the taller boy tries to steal the ball . chasing the ball to make a goal . from behind the goal we can watch the action .
three boys are playing soccer on a field two soccer players kicking the soccer ball in the air . a young boy kicking a soccer ball during a game . young soccer players jump up on the field . a bunch of children are playing soccer on a field .
the organization food safety discover zone . kids learning about food . is it a good egg or a bad egg . pouring flour in the bowl . planting plants in pots .
food safety discovery zone truck in front of a us government building a mother prepares a surprise for her son a little girl and a woman are using a machine . he even ground the salt that was in the bread we had for lunch the two kids at the front are looking at the plants
the seminar was held that afternoon . the children had many hands on opportunities . their were experts there to talk to them . they learned a great amount from being there . they thought there were many cool things .
good truck parked in front of large building with flag waving in front . a group of people going through an exhibition with a woman showing a boy something . a young girl interacts with an egg scientific experiment at a display stand . a boy helping a woman use a kitchen utensil and a green bowl kids looking at potted plants at the market .
the organization organization organization brought out their tour truck in order to educate the local children . there were many exhibits set up in the nearby hall that taught the kids all about proper food safety . even the small children were able to take part with help from mom or dad . so many of the exhibits were `` hands-on '' allowing the kids to do experiments . there were many giveaways as well , this one encouraging the kids to plant a garden .
a semi truck with a food safety sign painted on the side in bright colors . a group of kids that are ready to learn new information . a young girl and an older women hold an egg up to a light to see the chick inside a young boy is using the crank of a grinder with an exhausted expression a family is behind a table full of plants .
we met a lot of good people on our visit to the pier . we saw old style ships with tall masts . some flew many flags that waved against the dusky sky . they were held in place by a simple rope . there were many different kinds of boats and ships for us to see .
a large group of people standing under a sign a large ship sits in the water next to the pier . a pirate flag flies on a ship at sunset a boat is anchored at a dock , with cranes seen in the distance . a red tugboat is on the water under an overcast sky .
we went to the salad bar for lunch then we took a walk in the woods as sunset came upon us we realized we were lost we ended up on the ocean and found a pirate ship
the tourists pose for a group picture in front of the restaurant . the large ship is docked in the water close to the boardwalk . the pirate flag is raised under the cloudy and darkening sky . the boat is docked near to the shore . several boats are docked in the harbor near a large black crane .
all of us gathered together outside the restaurant , before the trip . once arriving at the dock the boat was more beautiful than ever imagined . hoisting the flag was one of my favored parts . they even showed us how to anchor down the ships . over all the sheer amount of ships was amazing .
a fun shot featuring many people posing by a new menu sign . a sailing ship with the sails down and it is close to the dock . a pirate flag flies from the top of a large ship before a sunset . an old black and white ship yard is very peaceful . clouds surround a huge boat in a harbor
today , we decided to take a trip to the beach.i got in my car and started the engine to begin my journey . at the beach , i noticed an old unkept light house on the edge of the crashing waves . a ship wreck happen with in what must of previously been the light house 's bay . the boat was nearly overturned on the ruff water . the closer i moved toward the boat the stronger the waves became , crashing down near the beach . we left at the end of the day and started to drive back inland home .
the ignition button for an automobile shines in a composed photograph . the tower is barely visible around the large stone . an armored vehicle that is in the distance . a woman sits on the rocks with a shipwreck in the background . the bmw is parked in a field with the running lamps on .
we continued to wait for the ride home ... i looked over the mountains ... and , i started to lose faith ... and , then the car arrived ! a wonderful bmw from the gemans ! i could n't have asked for a better ride home .
a view of a silver dashboard , with the ignition button visible . a distant lighthouse stands watch over a rocky coastline . a black and white abstract shot of a ship out at sea . a woman side profile in the foreground while a half wrecked ship in the background . a black and white picture of a car driving in a desert under a cloudy sky .
there 's class there 's beauty and there 's strength . on very few occasions , there 's all three . organization is that occasion .
the radio console of a car is shown in black lighting . a beach with rocks and a lighthouse in the distance black and white painting of a boat in very stormy weather . a woman sitting on a rock wile a boat is tipped in the background a small compact car on top rugged terrian
snow is so deep here its to my knees . max is loving the snow . aww how cute max left his foot prints . our playground is all frozen . me and max saw this beautiful bird today .
icy snow crunches around a pair of black boots . a dog walking along a snow filled ground two footprints in the snow from an animal a snow encrusted playground surrounded by a fence a small bird standing on a tree branch .
a snow storm arrived . the cars on the street had snow on them . the tree outside was covered with snow there were birds on the trees . the kids could not play in there swing set .
a man 's feet , shod in boots , stands in the winter snow . a medium size dog standing in the snow near some bushes two paw prints in perfect snow recently left by a dog . the playground is empty as the ground is covered in snow . a small bird stands on a bare branch in the snow .
it was a snowy day . we had trouble driving because of the snow . but it looked beautiful upon the trees . and the birds even loved the snow it is a beautiful snow day .
a pair of black shoes are in the snow a dog with its tail in the air walking through the snow . two bear paw prints in fresh snow , possibly looking for food . a small playground that is covered in snow . a bird sits on a snow covered tree branch .
traffic was going along the high way . all of a sudden the police chased a car . a motorcycle followed along . the police car blocked off the car . people looked on at the site .
two cars are going down the road while the other cars are getting blocked off by police cars . cars are driving on a busy highway during a sunny day police officer on a bike with a side cart attached to it on highway a police car is parked horizontally across the road , stopping traffic . the profiles of two people , one a middle-aged man and one a middle-aged woman , precede a city background .
we were speeding as fast as we could down the freeway . we looked behind us and saw that there were still police following us . there were even some cops on bikes . eventually we hid and they could n't find us . good thing we gave the cops a slip that day or we 'd be in jail .
two cars driving down the road ahead of traffic several police cars are seen on an insterstate system the cop felt cool driving down the road in a piece of history . a police officer 's car is sideways in the road a man and a woman standing in profile outside .
today was the day . the officer would finally catch someone speeding . he finally found someone who was speeding . time to get into action however the person was far too fast . faster than the cop cars in fact ! the car unfortunately got away . officer speedly still reflects on that day as his biggest regret .
two cars traveling down freeway with police vehicles stopping traffic behind them . the police are chasing the white car on the freeway . three small vehicles and one police motorcycle with a sidecar are driving down a multi-lane highway . a cop car is blocking other cars on the road people smiling in an urban area with traffic
[female] was glad to see her father and father-in-law finally meet . before going to the synagogue , [female] 's husband [male] chats with two new congregation members . organization and [female] stop by before church to visit [female] and [male] . the rabbi leads them in prayer . organization and [female] have some refreshment and mingle with the other guests .
three people standing in front of a house smiling two men and a woman standing outside of a house . behind the elderly couple is a clear pool an old man at the head of a table is reading from a book . a group of people that are standing next to each other .
our family gathered together for a formal event . we invited some business partners to give a chat . my older neighbors came to pray with us . one of the men brought a bible and some wine . eventually , it was really crowded in my living room .
a woman is standing between two older men outside mature adults posing outside of home with green space . 2 older people posing next to house outdoors a jewish male stands reading from a large book at a dinner table . an elderly couple surrounded by people toasting at a celebration .
at the family reunion , members began to arrive eager to see one another . it had been years since many last spoke and thus , everyone was excited to share news that they had missed . even the oldest among the clan were eager to talk and share insight with the younger ones . before dinner , the patriarch of the family read from the torah and prayed over the family meal . afterwards the group began to eat and drink , making merry knowing that it would be another year before they would visit again .
two men and a woman standing posing for a picture . some friends are having a drink together in the back yard . an elderly couple is standing next to a house and smiling for a picture . a man is reading from a large book with blinds i nthe background . an elderly couple drinking a small glass of wine .
i finally had the opportunity to visit an ancient civilization during summer break . along with viewing many old monuments , several art exhibits were up for display , including some that were religious . after the exploration , i decided to roam around the city with my friends to look for a bar . we had a toast to a great day .
a view of the buildings that are next to the park . a large group of people standing between two large buildings the colosseum as seen from a distance on a foggy day . inside an old structure collesuem with several people . the nativity scene was life sized with a large mural above it , juxtaposing [female] and [location] .
this is the beginning of a perfect vacation . i wanted to go to a place that would give me a sense of history . i am a place that puts me in awe of the architecture of the past . what a great feeling to be part of an important time in history . this is a beautiful scene to celebrate how the past affects the present .
large green trees in front of old buildings an open courtyard in [location] is filled with people one of the oldest standing structures , the [location] was built by the romans . a group of people that are inside of a colloseum . a picture resembling the birth of christ with wiseman and [female]
we were so excited to visit the basiclia ! when we arrived , i had to get several pictures , including the nameplate.. and , the amazing mural . we were tired when left ; however , i was n't ready to go home yet . so , we decided to grab a nice cold ale and enjoy the moonlight .
an overcast day in the city of [location] and the coliseum . a crowded busy city with very tall buildings and a lot of architecture . the front view of the [location] [location] on a hazy day . tourists taking pictures of an old ruined stadium art of [male] and [female] with [male] and the angel in [location]
the group is gathering for a protest . there are lots of different people representing a lot of countries . everyone decides to bring a flag to represent where they are from . they get to take turns telling their points of view . not everyone agrees with everyone else though .
a serious young woman joins in a protest . a group of people that are in a parade . a man holding up a palestinian flag while walking in an urban area with lots of other people around . a man is speaking into a microphone at a rally . the muslim women are demonstrating against new laws in [location] .
the protest was well under way . and many people brought out signs to protest . people were wearing their home flags . many women also came out to protest . there was a speaker with a microphone who talked to the protesters .
a woman is standing near some protesters outside a group of people outside , one of them is holding a flag . a man bears a flag and yells at an outdoor rally . a man with a microphone and a justice flag behind him . a middle eastern lady holding a sign in protest .
this lady is one of the faces of the palestinian demonstration . the voices of the crowd are loud and the symbols are vivid . this protester displays the palestinian flag . the raised fist is indicative of the intensity of the feelings being expressed . the woman continues the demonstration but the situation does n't change
a woman that is next to the people . a man shouting something , with a flag held wide in the background . an image of a man that is carrying a colored flag a man leads a protest in the [location] [location] in front of other protestors . people are near signs and two appear to be shouting at something .
the park had a nice lake and there were a lot of ducks . these little ducks are so well behaved . these children seem to enjoy playing with the duck family . we found some nice places to rest and cool off . i really liked these frog statues , this one is my favorite .
ducks are swimming in the calm water that is surrounded by trees . a lady squatting next to a duck statue in a park . the children are checking out the duck statues . adult males pose for photo while sitting beneath tree on lawn . a woman in a black shirt standing next to a statue of a frog .
enjoying the day at the local pond . loving the duck statue . look at all the cute ducklings . my kids love them . sitting the grass relaxing for awhile . posing with a frog .
a pond in a park with ducks in it . busty woman squats with bronze momma duck in park . a lot of little kids playing with some duck statues people enjoying a day outside in a public park , some sitting in the grass , others walking about . woman stands beside frog statues in the park .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i love this place
a calm lake has a small island in the middle . a lady squatting and posing with the biggest in a line of duck statues . young children playing with large duck statues two hikers take a break under a tree for a snack . on a warm day , a woman poses with a humorous statue of a thinking frog .
everything was in order for the ceremony . the groomsmen talked and laughed while waiting for the event to begin . the ring was beautiful and ornate . the bride and her bridesmaids were ecstatic . the reception was joyous and celebratory .
the room is set up for a special event . two men in suits talking to each other . a close up shot of a ring inside of a black box a bride and her friend smile for a picture . a group of adults sit at a table filled with libations at a formal event .
to have a little something special for our memory books we decided to take photos in the location filter . here is where the reception was held . my best friend [male] was so nervous too . the ring for my bride . we took a long time to think about how we wanted it to look . we even had a crown made for her , for she truly is a [female] ! celebrating with family was so awesome . everybody was in such a celebratory mood . a day to never , ever forget !
a decorated room with arranged tables and chairs . a man touches the upper arm of another man , both of them dressed in formal suits . a platinum wedding set in a silver , lined box two young woman wearing evening gowns in a black and white photo . a group of people have a discussion at a table at a party .
the sepia tone used in the photos gave them a timely look . [male] gave stu some words of advice for the wedding . i never thought i 'd see our grandma 's wedding ring on someone else ' hand but this seemed right . [female] and [female] shared a moment right before the ceremony . [female] took a bit too much to drink and started blabbering at the other guests .
large room containing long decorated tables with white table clothes , and chairs . a man in a tuxedo reaches out and touches another man on the shoulder . a small black box containing a diamond ring . two girls taking a picture together in dresses three people are talking at a table , and another group is behind them .
difficult food decisions for the little one . comfort food , so old fashioned and good . [female] pie always hits the spot . the day was ending on the church social . after a busy day of fun and eating , some were already tired .
woman holding a toddler boy while he eats a plate of food including two slices of dark brown bread . a dessert that is on a paper plate . a crowd is gathered for a street fair as a church 's steeple sits in the background . a baby sleeping in a stroller wearing over alls
at the event at our church we got to eat lots of good food . the plate had many healthy things on it for everyone . after that we got to enjoy some pie for dessert . the sun began to set on our day with our church group . the baby began to get tired and fell asleep .
a woman and a little boy sitting at a table eating . getting ready to eat some good food and drink coffee . a plate with a slice of pie covered in plastic wrap . a large group of people enjoy an outdoor festival . a small child wearing overalls asleep in a car seat
we had a church picnic last week . everybody brought something to eat . the desserts were wonderful . the decorations were really pretty . at the end of the picnic , we felt good in having shared our fellowship .
a young woman holding a child who is eating snacks . a simple meal of purple cabbage , potatoes , chicken and bread . the pie is on a paper plate and is wrapped in plastic . group of people gathered outside of church structure before sunset . a baby with light hair , wearing denim overalls , sleeps soundly in a modern baby carrier . other babies in carriers are nearby , but only glimpses of them ( tiny feet in socks , a child 's hand ) are visible at the edge of the frame .
it was the start of my wedding day as i marveled at my beautiful dress hanging up . our cute little flower girl got the day started for us . is n't she adorable ? i took some pictures with my bridesmaids ; i love them so much . my cake was small , but it was perfect . by the end of the night i was blowing bubbles for fun , it brought me back to the great memories i had as a child .
a bedroom with a wedding dress on the wall a bride stands over her wedding cake holding a glass of champagne . a bride poses in front of the trees with her bridesmaids . little girl playing the bubbles while the kid on her back is fixing his camera a hedgehog is displayed in the photograph .
the bride 's dress hangs up , waiting to be worn for the big day . the bride stares at the soon-to-be-eaten cake . the bride and bridesmaids pose . the groom 's niece plays with bubbles . they come across a hedgehog .
a wedding dress that is hanging on the door a bride is alone by her wedding cake . several women are sitting on the lawn in brides maids outfits my daughter is signing at her aunts wedding today a porcupine outside next to some green growth .
the wedding is tomorrow and i am very excited . i went to the rehearsal today and it went well . everyone is so excited for the wedding tomorrow . all of the children ca n't wait to throw the flowers . even my hedgehog is excited for the wedding .
a wedding dress hanging on the back of the door . the bride looks at her cake with hunger in her eyes . a group of brides and bridesmaids sit outside on the floor small girl about to eat bubbles at a fancy event , with a young male behind working a disposable camera . porcupine seen near garden area with full blooming flowers .
we decided to take a walk around town to see all the local stores . we started bright and early in the morning , it was such a beautiful day . we stopped for lunch at the location location and had a wonderful sandwhich . we then went to copperfield 's books and read and browsed for awhile . finally , on our way back we stopped in to popeyes for some delicious fried chicken .
the restaurant with the signs is advertising several ethnic products . artsy black and white photo of the photographer 's shadow . a elliptical sign reading `` copperfield 's books '' is photographed close up . small rack of books sits on sidewalk outside of local bookstore . a road that has many cars that are parked on the side .
the friends tour the town and all of the attractions it hold . there is a large shadow cast on the ground from one of the friends . a book store named copperfield 's is in the center of town . the store has many great books that can be purchased if you wish to do so . the street is empty with not many cars or people .
the building is decorated with colorful ethnic signs . the shadow of a man in a hat who is holding a container . a blue and white sign that says copperfield 's books . a book store has its doors propped open to the street . numerous cars are parked along both sides of a street in the business district of a town.|numerous cars are parked along both sides of a street in the business district of a town .
they took an evening stroll to visit the downtown area of the irish city the beautiful windows and buildings afforded them a lovely scene . they stopped at the cafÃ© and had a cup of coffee.. and , then went to the bookstore for some old irish books.. and , finished the day at the local karaoke bar..
the outside of the bar [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] ' and it 's various beer signs . the shadow of a person taking a picture on a cobblestone street the sign was completed for a bookstore a cart of books on the sidewalk outside a book store city street with cars parked on both sides and trees with no leaves
grandma is a fantastic bowler . uncle [male] is n't so he would rather take a snack break . the decorations in the bowling alley are just weird . i never know which ball to pick when i bowl . grandma keeps her lucky ball in this bag . she always wins
the people are enjoying a night of bowling at the lanes a woman with a pink bowling ball approaches the lane . man with bowling ball in front of a bowling lane . a man is helping himself to slices of pizza that have been put out for people to enjoy . a young man standing and listening to music .
they went bowling that evening . aunt [female] was very good . uncle tom was the worst . we ate pizza at the end of the night . and talked with a hippy .
a group of people are together at a bowling alley . a woman with a pink bowling ball getting ready to thrown the ball down a bowling lane . the picture of the man bowling was fuzzy . a man is taking a slice of pizza while holding a plate a man with long hair and glasses is looking thoughtfully somewhere
bowling . now this is a way to spend an evening . pizza and bowling is double well the way to spend the evening . and who can forget bowling with a big lebowski reference ? this may be the best bowling ever . i always did tell my wife i had a lot of balls . unfortuantely , she took them from me and put them in that sack .
3 persons are seen at a bowling game this kid is getting ready to hit a strike at the bowling alley . bowling is a sport that anyone at any age can enjoy . a few pizzas are laid out on a table for people to enjoy . a long haired young man looks off into the distance .
our family got together for a feast a few nights ago . the kids had a lot of cool things to look at . the meal took a long time to prepare . as you can see , it worked out very nicely and we all ate a lot . we took one last picture with my sisters and brothers before we left .
a group of women that are enjoying their drinks . plates of food sitting on a kitchen table in front of window with white blinds rice and tomato sauce in two silver pots an image of meat on a plate with leaves on it the bowl of black eyed peas were ready to eat
the three sisters gathered to celebrate thanksgiving . their mom made a lot of good food for dinner . she even made tons of mashed potatoes and spaghetti sauce . the plate of pulled pork is always a crowd pleaser . black eyed peas are delicious as well .
three woman holding wine in the foyer of a nice house . several platters of food on a wooden table in front of a window two bowls that are filled with different types of foods . a plate of piled cooked crispy bacon ready to be eaten the crock pot has beans cooking in it .
we had a great meal today . we had all kinds of goodies . we had homemade spaghetti sauce . we also had great fried potato skins . but the very best was the homemade chili . it was a real feast .
three older women are standing near a front door . table of a variety of food items displayed for serving . pots of rice and sauce are cooling on the tile counter . a close-up view of a plate with an abundance of meat . a crock pot filled with delicious looking warm soup .
the family decided to decorate pumpkins for halloween . we baked the pumpkin seeds from the pumpkins we carved out so we could eat them . the children placed a few pumpkins outside the front yard . carving a pumpkin inside a pumpkin was difficult , but it looked fascinating . we realized we scared some children away from our home . not many children stopped by to grab candy .
the pumpkin 's face is carved to make it appear to be chewing on a smaller pumpkin . the pumpkin seeds are drying before they can be cooked . two big angry pumpkins chomp down on two little ones . a large pumpkin with a small pumpkin inside its mouth a stairway that leads to the entrance of the house .
the jack o lantern was seen eating a little pumpkin . the seeds were being dried out to be cooked in the oven . the outside of the house with the jack o lanterns during the day . the other jack o lantern had its mouth full as well . the outside with the jack o lanterns lit up for the night .
a carved jack o lantern eats a smaller pumpkin at night the pumpkin seeds are drying out in the roasting process . a house decorated with numerous pumpkins and jack-o-lanterns . a carving of a baby pumpkin in the mouth of big pumpkin . the front stoop of a house is decorated with jack o lanterns .
the halloween decorations were pretty big and frightening . a big dinner for holiday was about to be ready . they cared and set decorations in front of the house . one of big pumpkin fell down . they needed to put decoration in order again .
hey pumpkin who is devouring a smaller pumpkin on the left-hand side of his face towels sit on two racks with sunflower seeds on top of the towels . cleverly carved pumpkins are sitting on top of a rock in front of a house . the pumpkin is carved so that it appears to be eating an orange . a halloween scene with pumpkins on a porch , lit with flash at night .
richie finally got the chance to show off his bikini top . [male] was about to squirt the bikini off of richie 's torso . a bicycle carried another bicycle . one man had a bike that let him sit down . a car ended up getting confused and attending a `` bike only '' area .
a caucasian man wearing a half jeans and female bra standing on a road . biking and shooting water guns are fun activities . the bicyclists are towing trailers down the street . man driving homemade bicycle and wagon made of wood everybody was out with their bikes on the warm summer day .
every summer there is this awesome party thrown in the neighborhood . super soakers welcome ! but mainly everyone invents a bicycle that has a trailer on it . and the trailer is full of random items . it is so much fun watching the cyclists ride their creations .
a man wearing a yellow bra top and blue shorts standing in the street . a man is holding a water gun ready to shoot a woman is riding a bike that is towing another bike . a guy riding his bike with a shelf and stuff on the back of it . bicycles are numerous but there is only one car on the street .
i decided to take a bicycle ride through the city yesterday . there were a lot of other people riding their bikes as well . there were also some interesting outfits . some cars had trouble getting through all of the cyclists . afterward we were all very tired from biking everywhere .
man in womans bra making a funny face . the person is dressed in a maroon t shirt and brown pants a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike and towing stuff . person on a bike with a desk behind them with a suitcase and mail bin they were riding their bikes in the parade that day
welcome to finger painting day , i 'm emmy and i 'm 3 . i am a little wild and out of control but i do love my finger paints . here is where i get paint all over my hands and i should n't touch my face ! i made this for my mom and my dad . they will love this . here is one that my friend made for me . i love it .
its a cute baby with big blue eyes . three small children play on the floor with crayons . a person is painting a child 's hand green . a child 's art included scribbles , his hand dipped in paint and his initials . this crayon drawing says `` love best friend '' and has a hand print on it .
[female] was in class that morning . the teacher wanted everyone to try hand panting . she panted her hands green first . and made a large board with the palm of her hand . the board was for her best friend .
a little girl with blue eyes wants her picture taken . a toddler girl playing with crayons on the floor . the child is getting paint on the hand a purple hand-print on white paper with scribbles in various colors and signed `` gkc '' . a note with a hand drawing is for a best friend
the kids had a blast on their first day in daycare . their first activity was to paint their foot and hand prints on a large piece of paper . everyone watched on as the kids dipped their toes in paint . the care workers helped the younger kids get paint on their feet . the end result was a masterpiece .
a little girl in a pink and brown striped shirt smiles . the children are busy playing by themselves . a hand being painted green by a person holding a paint brush a wall is covered with scribbles and a handprint . a child 's painting gift to their best friend .
i went to the beach last christmas . there was no snow on the roads . when i got to the beach there were some flowers three . i picked them up and took them with me . i had a great time .
abandoned house across an empty street on a snowy day birds swimming in the ocean with rocks behind them a person that is dressed warmly by a body of water . the grave stone of a man who died in 1957 . a tomb with flowers by it , showing respect .
we went for a walk down my street we found an ocean there was a lady praying she was at a grave by the water someone else was buried near by as well
the snow was on the ground around the house . a group of swans are swimming in a lake a person bends down in front of a body of water . gustav graubaum is a person that has lived for many years . an engraving on stone shadowed by some flowers
history is important to everyone . it tells us where we came from and how we got where we are . graves are sad , but they remind us of those once loved . their lives may have been short , but their significance can not be measured .
the white house made of wood is next to the raod a rocky pier with swans bathing at the bay on a sunny day . a person is kneeling on a beach near a body of water . a grave sitting on the grave with writing on it in memory of him and his wife lovely headstone
we met up at the statue of general tomasco . there was a ram there that would take us down to the beach . the view was very beautiful as we were riding it , showing us green shrubs with craggy mountains in the background . our first view of the beach was pretty amazing . all the people were so small . as we got closer to the shoreline , we got a great view of the buildings on the coastline .
two large statues in a park on a bright and sunny day . a sky lift transporting people from one area to another the homes are nestled in the valley of the mountains . a resort beach view of the people below from overhead . a view of the buildings on a hillside in front of the beach
it was a sunny day downtown near the clock tower . there was no one in sight , unless you count the statues . for some reason it was a quiet day around town . oh wait , that 's because it was so nice that everyone decided to go to the beach . they had a great afternoon walking up those stairs that led to the pier and then out onto the sand or into the water .
a statue of a man with his hand on his hip faces away , and there is another in the distance . a sky-lift with a mountain with rough terrain in the background a photo of a town set in a hill side with the mountains rising behind the town . a distant view of a bunch of people on the beach . an ocean of water , buildings and a mountain can be seen in this region .
a founding father statue stands in front of the mountain range . a building looks out of place against the mountainside . the range is continual with rocky tops . at the bottom of the range is a sandy beach for fun seeking . hotels line the north side of the beach to lure in the tourists .
a row of statues on a gravel pathway in front of a mountain . this image is of a sky lift moving people across a canyon . it was a sunny day on the hillside at the villas a group of people are at the beach and in the water . a scenic view of the hotels that are lined along the beach .
the christmas decorations came out , even though it did n't look like winter outside . where the family lived did n't get much snow , but that did n't stop it from being cold . [male] still needed to wear pants and long sleeves to stay warm when he parked the car ! christmas still came to that little house on the hill , even though it was n't a white one .
a small christmas tree sits on a small table in the corner . the house is white and has a deck all around . the sky above the trees is blue in colour . the grass on the ground is green in colour . a group of three women and a dog sit and smile on a couch . an elderly woman sits petting her dog on her couch .
we started the holidays by settig up a tiny christmas tree . the streets where calm outside . everyone was celebrating the holidays . i went for an afternoon walk to my favorite spot before heading home . the family sat together and celebrated christmas . the night came to an end and everyone slowly went home .
a small plant with christmas decorations is sitting on a small table . this image is of a small house sitting on a hill . this is a tall tree with leaves in the middle of grass three woman and a dog are sitting on a couch . an old woman wearing glasses is petting a brown dog .
we visited family for christmas . they live out in the country far from the city . the trees lost their leaves because it is so cold outside . they were so happy that we had arrived . even the dog had a marry christmas .
the small christmas tree is decorated with a snowman and ornaments . a power line is seen in front of a white house on a small hill . there is one tree that has not shed its leaves yet , but they are brown . in the background are many other trees whose leaves have fallen off three women on a couch with a dog . an older lady scratching her happy dog 's nose .
[male] could n't wait to get to work to show everyone his costume . [male] went for a pretty predictable magneto so you ca n't really tell from his mask how funny he thinks [male] 's costume is . just in case people did't get it [male] set up a display so he could paint many `` happy little trees . '' he told [female] about how we also considered another 80s reference in [male] e neuman and his `` what me worry '' stance . but [male] was having the most fun when he saw that [female] had styled up her hair so they could hang out as afro twins .
a group of people that are gathered near the sidewalk . he was ready for battle as his favorite charterer in his video game of choice . a man with a paint brush is seen painting a colorful rainbow . a man is shrugging his shoulders as he takes a picture . a man and woman are hugging and looking at the camera .
i anticipated on having a good halloween today . not only did my co-workers participate by wearing costumes but they were in the spirit of decorating the office . the day did n't stop after work since our neighbor was throwing a huge party . even his wife was delighted .
a large group of people are standing on the sidewalk . a man is sitting at a table in a costume and mask a man standing next to a window holding a pallet and paint brush . the man gestures with his hands while wearing a silly hat . the couple with matching afros are posing for the camera .
already dressed for the party , he sits in the office waiting for the day to be over . they head out into the park in order to show off their costumes . they meet some onlookers who begins to ask them questions . after leaving the park , the couple head downtown they recharged with a coffee break
a sidewalk with dozens of people standing outside of a building while a suv drives by looking onward at the wave of people standing out front of a business . a man in a costume is sitting at a desk a man pretending to pain a plant a man shrugging with a large black hat on his head . the man and woman with afros relax and drink .
i put on some tunes to set the thanksgiving day mood . i preemptively set the table . i made sure the living room was clean for my guests . then i learned how to cook real quick . i think it turned out great . lovely meal .
the recipe book is opened to the stuffing recipe a yellow liquid is being poured over some food substance . the electronic thermometer shows the temp in the oven as well as the air temp a person pours brown gravy over their food . a crumble dessert has a large piece taken out .
i read over the recipe to make the perfect stuffing . i added all the ingredients together . then i set the timer . we served the food and added the gravy . after dinner we had my homemade pecan pie .
a book is opened to a recipe of a type of stuffing that contains pecans , dried apricots , sausage and bread . orange juice is being poured over a plate of potatoes . a small and portable device for displaying weather . person pouring gravy over some food that is resting on a plate brown crumb cake dessert in a tin round pan .
time to make a fantastic recipe . gathering and mixing ingredients is very important . music and cooking is always a great combo . preparing the table for the delicious meal to come . nothing more satisfying than enjoying something savory you made yourself .
a book is opened to a recipe for `` bread stuffing with sausage , pecans , and dried apricots '' . gravy being poured over thanksgiving stuffing on countertop . a clock shows the time and what the weather outside is going to be today . the plate is full of potatoes , stuffing , turkey and topped with gravy to complete the meal . delicious food which has been eaten a little bit
the donkey woke up early to drink water . most of my family members visited my farm on that day . my dad even came to pet my donkey . we formed a long line and walked in circles . the donkey appeared to have a great time .
a donkey eating out of a yellow bin men and women walking together on a grassy path by a fence his new donkey was more of a pet than a work animal a woman and her donkey lead a group of other people who are walking with their donkeys . a donkey on the wooded fence and the weather looks really nice
this is a picture of an animal . this is a picture of a group of people . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of the outdoors . this is a picture of a donkey .
donkey eating from yellow bucket in stall with blue and white walls . a group of middle-aged friends are taking a walk next to a farm . a man standing next to a mule in an enclosed area . a woman walks a donkey along , surrounded by greenery . a donkey in a pasture has stuck his head over the edge of a fence .
during the summer , the family decided to visit our family in location . we visited some relatives who live on a ranch . our relatives nourish donkeys who are ill . we took a few pictures of our relatives checking the animals . they do this weekly to make sure the donkeys are in good health . at the end of the day , we met a donkey that was more than 10 years old .
an image of a donkey drinking from a bucket a small group of people walking together outside in the country living . the man is displaying his favorite pet donkey . people walking with their mule with a women and her mule infront head of a mule as it looks over a wood fence .
we had a costumer party for halloween , and i decided to start my dressing like a horse . my friend [female] put together halloween cupcakes for the party . another friend decided to dress in a theme i could only describe as `` zombie swan lake . '' she put on a little show for us behind a red sheet . we all posed for pictures together , even the friends who did n't come in costume .
a man is wearing a horse mask with his hands up a chocolate cupcake with a flag on top . a woman wearing costume resembling the black swan movie a shadow figure of a woman with her arms outstretched behind a curtain with a few bat shapes in flight . a girl gives a thumbs up as another girl kisses her with two males behind .
the halloween party last night was a lot of fun . there were a lot of cupcakes for everybody . the music was very loud . a lot of people enjoyed the cupcakes . afterward we were all very tired from dancing and partying .
a person raising their arms while wearing a horses mask . an image of a row of chocolate cupcakes a woman wearing costume makeup and a tiara looks at the camera . the shadow of a person is on a red wall with bats a group of people having fun at a night-club
costume parties bring out all kinds of interesting costumes . lots of snacks are provided for the party goers . some partiers put on lots of make up to compliment their costumes . the venue is often decorated to be spooky and dark . however all of the party goers have a great time .
a man with a mask stands with his arms raised . a brown cupcake with frosting that has a flag . a lady with white face paint on her face with black around her eyes a curvy person hides behind the luminated bat decorated red tent . having a good time drinking with some friends .
she loves the winter and decided to take her new camera out for pictures of the snow . she got a great shot of the trees with clear blue sky in the background . another beautiful picture of a thin small tree leaning over from the weight of the snow . this was a distance shot against the blue sky . and finally a great shot of a tree with some color peeking out from under the snow .
trees covered in snow near the highway in the day . landscape featuring many trees covering in ice and snow a tree being bent by heavy snow in winter . snow covered trees with a completely clear sky in the background . yellow berries are clustered on leafless , snow-covered tree branches .
the snow hit heavy this year . snow covering most of the trees and ground . the snow dramatically bending a tree from its natural form . the skies are clear and warming up . snow is melting away , coming back next year hopefully .
snow completely covers the trees in the forest beside the road . trees and ground are covered in bright white snow . this is a tree covered in white snow beautiful snow capped hills and trees with a very blue sky tree branches with orange fruit on it covered in snow
i went out for a hike last weekend . there was so much snow everywhere . it was very cold . i had a great time out there . i was all by myself .
snow covered trees near a road with snowy ground a grove of white trees mimic the snow against a clear blue sky . a plant is bent over from the weight of the snow . a stand of snow covered trees dot the winter landscape . a bunch of tree branches that has some buds on it .
the history class was looking at old pictures to try and piece history together . they looked at old museums , and they looked at old artwork . but what they were most interested in was the old buildings . they loved seeing how history has changed them .
an image of people walking inside the courthouse some pictures and statues are on display in a building . an art gallery with a painting of rodneydangerfield luxuriously lounging on barge . several sculptures and framed prints fill the gallery room . a castle is in a black and white photograph set years ago .
this was an old photo of the courthouse int eh 1950s . the were delivering some very important artwork . they were getting the lighting ready to be hung also . the building looks exactly the same today . this is a shot from across the street .
old photograph of the entrance to the [location] [location] [location] [location] [location] [location] . a black and white scene of a museum featuring a row of statues on pillars and framed paintings on the walls . a large framed picture hanging on a wall a display of paintings and sculptures in black and white . a historical building picture in black and white .
the tall columns on the building had been made of imported stone . the trucks delivered heavy sculptures . one sculpture was so large it had to be moved with a crane . many years ago , the road was lined with c chain fence . you can see an old model t parked on the wide road that was new at the time .
people walking around a historic stone building with pillars . the middle of a museum has a small brown bench a painting or photograph of two people on a homemade boat , floating on a body of water . an image of numerous white statues in a room a large building is pictured in black and white .
and so i had arrived and i know the train was a little early . i looked around the station , expected to see him waiting for me . pretty soon the place emptied out but he still was n't there and i had looked everywhere for him . i finally had to call him and it turned out he forgot he was supposed to meet me . we ended up having a great night out and i forgave his forgetfulness .
person standing alone on a transport platform looking across at many people sitting and waiting for transport . a woman in a knitted hat is talking on the phone in the subway a escalator in a hallway to the upper level of the building . two young women dance together in a group of people . three black people posing together at night for a selfie .
on friday night , i went out to meet my friends at the club . i went by train , as i do not have a car . i love riding the escalator ! my friend [female] was there . [female] 's boyfriend jamahl was there too .
a railway platform with many people waiting for a train . close up view of a woman wearing black talking on a phone . an escalator inside a building , with no one around . a night out depicting a group of people at night . a man and two women huddle up for a photo op .
she got an invitation to a big event . so took the subway . went up the escalator . and when she arrived the party was amazing . she had a great time partying .
people waiting around at a subway station lit with fluorescent lights . a woman in a white beans talks on a cell phone . an escalator leading upwards in a fancy building hugging my friend at a club , getting our fun on . three young people posed for a picture at a club
it was deb 's graduation day . before the ceremony , she hugged her mom and stood near her son . the ceremony was long , but her family stayed the time to take photos . the president of the university granted the degrees . deb could n't wait for her name to be called . when she finally made it to the stage , she pumped her fists in glee . she 'd made it !
a woman with glasses is waring a robe and a collared shirt . the back of a man 's head as he sits in the audience at an event . one man and one woman standing in an orange room . two old women posing for a photo with a young boy . a group of people in shawls sitting down and a woman in front smiling and standing .
there were a lot of people attending the graduation ceremony today . the place was packed . we were all glad to finally graduate . my family came to show their support . everyone was really proud of me .
a woman with dark hair in a short bob style and glasses . a group of people that have gathered in the venue . a woman with short hair and glasses , and a man with a bald head and glasses . two women and a young boy posing for a picture a woman walks across a stage wearing academic regalia .
marge worked hard to get her master 's degree . it was especially difficult since she was a single mother and her mom was too old to help with childcare . she resented the fact that her ex-husband showed up to the graduation ceremony . but was thrilled to receive her degree . now , onto a better paying job !
a woman in glasses is standing in front of a red wall . a balding man sits in the back of a very crowded room a bald man standing behind a woman in a room with orange walls . a middle-aged woman hugs an elderly woman as boy stands nearby . the graduate walked confidently across the platform surrounded by her professors .
the organization organization organization organization organization has a lot to decide today . mr. whithers is pushing to get a lot changed for the better . it 's hard to say just who is on his side this day . the eyes of the community are on them as deliberate . it will be hard to convince his colleagues of these changes .
an image of a sign that is designating stature a group of men are gathered for a meeting . a picture of behind the scenes of the debate . a man with glasses standing next to a video camera . group of people sitting at a round table with designators in front .
so here we are , ready to hear what the government is up to these days . a sign on the wall as you walk into the conference hall . the name tags of the speakers directing them to their seats . the news reporter brings in his big camera . the court-reporter takes her position about to transcribe each word .
a sign that says committee on rules and administration . there is 5 white men in the courtroom talking the seats of senator [male] and senator feingold . a man in a suit next to video cameras on tripods . a panel of people in business dress is seated in a straight line at a table covered in gray .
today the committee of rules is meeting . they are going to be hearing from 4 people today in 4 cases . this is the first time they are meeting in 2 months so they have a lot to discuss . it is also going to be taped for public tv ! the committee sits down to begin hearing cases .
door sign for the committee on rules and administration balding man with glasses and mustache appears to be talking to other men . a table set up with the name of the senators assigned to sit at each place . a man is standing while others are sitting . the men and woman are sitting around the table .
the day started innocently enough on the swing . or so we thought at least , she was n't so sure . some fun dancing started . with the obligatory dip . then , somebody brought out the beer bong . the night got wild .
young couple seated on a lounge chair and dress in swim suites . a woman holding sunglasses close to her face . the couple are learning to square dance in the living room it 's not dancing until you get in that dip . a pair of students engage in a familiar way to quickly drink beer .
this is a photo of a couple . this is a picture of a girl . this is a picture of friends . this is a picture of friends having fun . this is a picture of friends drinking .
a man and woman sitting on a swing in their bathingsuits attempting to look intrigued by chewing on sunglasses , difficult to accomplish while wearing a wonder bread shirt . a young man and young woman dancing in living room the couple is dancing in front of the stairs . this beer bong party was crazy from the very beginning
ready to go in the pool . seating in the shade to avoid a sunburn . dancing the square dance with his girlfriend . and dipping her . the guys doing a beer chug contest
couple gets some sun in their backyard a woman sitting under a white tent lowers her sunglasses to look at the photographer . a couple dance near the stairway of a home . a man and woman dancing in the living room at night two men are holding a funnel inside a fence .
this year she brought her dog to watch the halloween dog parade . there are so many cute costumes , like this little devil . this dog looks just like a jack 'o lantern . some dogs prefer a more `` royal '' look . but the winner of this years award for cute , goes to this little prisoner .
a woman wearing an odd outfit holding a dog . cute puppy , dressed up for halloween , sitting on park bench a bulldog is dressed as a pumpkin for halloween . a dog dressed of like a royal king . a dog dressed in a prisoner outfit on a leash .
the halloween parade was well under way . everyone had been dressed up . the dog lover came out in full force . all of the dog 's were dressed up . and some were n't allowed to leave !
a woman in a pink outfit and black tights is carrying a dog . a sweet king [male] cavelier sits on a bench with a bow in her hair . a young bukkdog wears a halloween pumpkin costume . a dog wearing a crown and robe is held on a leash by its owner . an awesome dog is wearing a prisoner costume .
a woman brings her dog to the halloween party for pets . this sweet little dog is has devil horns for the party . what a cute dog dressed as a pumpkin . an adorable pooch dressed as a king complete with robe and crown for the party . a black and white dog dressed in prison togs , hope he does n't try to escape .
hey woman walking down the street with a dog with a man watching a cavalier [male] [male] spaniel sits on a bench . dog with funny feted holiday stands on sidewalk with adult . dog wearing costume appearing unamused as someone holds it on leash the dog is dressed up in a prisoner costume .
a nations military is a powerful asset . the military is a force of protection and also can provide aid to those that need it . they are an extension of their nations government and work as a team to be the best that they can be .
a brown helicopter in flight with a tree on a decal on the side of it the man is manning a door gun on a military aircraft the soldier has just alighted from the jet soldiers geared and gathered in a semi circle . a group of military personnel outside receiving instruction from their commander
the helicopter flew in , bringing the new soldiers with them . a man armed the turret , even though they 'd never seen use . the new group stepped off the helicopter , finding their way to their new homes . the sargent gave a debriefing as soon as the soldiers arrived . this would be their new home now , the start of their new lives .
a brown and green helicopter flying threw the air . a guy prepares him self for work the next day a man in a uniform is walking away from the helicopter . soldiers listening to someone give them a speech . people in camoflauge are standing outside in rocks and stones
the helicoptor had a group of soldiers in it . this soldier is using the machine gun . once the helicoptor landed everyone had to get out . these soldiers are getting orders from their commander . once everyone got their orders it was time to head out .
the helicopter has it 's wheels out because is getting ready to land or has just took off . a pilot is flying a plane and wearing a helmet two soldiers are coming out of a helicopter this image is of a group of soldiers standing in a desert . a group of soldiers assemble around an officer with weapons ready .
we took a tour of the old church . first there was the beautiful ceiling in the church . then we to a large stained glass portrait . after that we came to a portrait of [male] and eve . finally we came to a picture of a man being swallowed by a beast .
a priest inside of the church stands behind a podium this architecture is very intricate and must represent something in its many designs . oval shaped stained glass window with many colors . a naked [male] and eve are pictured in the garden . a stained glass window featuring a serpent attacking a man .
my priest gave me a tour of the church today . i saw many things i had n't noticed before . he showed me the ceiling and explained what the artwork represented in the tiles . the church is full of beautiful stained glass windows , and i loved looking at them all . this one shows [male] and eve in the garden of [female] . but , this one is my favorite window . it shows [male] being swallowed by the whale . it is scary and weird , something you do n't think of seeing at church !
a man standing at a pulpit in a church with a stained glass window in the background . an elaborate carved ceiling over even more elaborately carved wood trim . a stained glass window is letting in light . a section of a stained glass window depicting adam and eve . the stained glass is colorful and very intricate
we visited this famous historical church downtown today . the ceiling was almost 4 stories high ! it was incredible ! the window paintings were so intricate and beautiful . we sat there and just stared off into the distance at the art work . this one was kind of freaky for obvious reasons .
the religious leader is about to begin some liturgical practice in this historical church . an ornate ceiling with golden gilded features . a stained glass window in multiple panes is lit . a stained glass window shows the figures of a man and woman . a close up of stained glass scene of a dinosaur attacking someone .
location ! this is where we stayed . not sure i could get used to living on water . we took a gondola ride , and he even sang to us . creepy , narrow alleyway . not going down there . time for lunch . it 's nice eating outside except for the birds . even the fresh produce is on boats . just too weird .
tourists visit in pigeon filled city stone flooring park set between ancient buildings there are many boats and shipst of ships in the dock a large sculpture over the door of a massive church . a person that is sitting on the table by himself . this is the outside of the fruit and vegetable stand on the sidewalk .
many birds were present in the inner city . the family took a picture of all the birds . the family walked towards the center of the city in search of riding a gondola . after riding a gondola , we decided to visit a cathedral . we were beginning to get hungry . the table in the middle is where we decided to eat . the family tried fresh fruit . most of the fruit was bought at these little merchant stands throughout the city .
if you want to feed the pigeons this is the best place to go this is a picture of a river and buildings a painting of religious figures sits at the top of a stone archway . the man sits at an outdoor cafe while people walk around the plaza . a street vendor with a floating cart of fruits and vegetables .
a beautiful square to take a rest if you do n't mind the birds . these waterways are used to get around the city . the churches and artwork are outstanding . there are lots of places to sit down and grab a bite to eat . you can , also , pick up fresh produce on any corner .
buildings surround an open space that is filled with birds all over the ground and people walking around them . multiple boats in canal water with buildings on each side . an outdoor shot of the outside of the temple with a beautiful painting . a man sitting at a small table drinking while a crowd is walking behind in front of a building . a long cart filled with fruits and vegetables covered with a tarp .
[male] 's fourth of july was kind of low key . that 's not to say the kids did n't have a good time , they did . and the adults had fun too , just chilling out . cammy and [female] just set up in two chairs and hardly moved the whole night . everyone had fun . even when [male] flung some kind of weird red ball at me .
the people are sitting around the table outside . a kid is holding a sparking firework among four other kids . several women sitting around and standing in a room . two young women sitting next to a large glass window . a group of people eating dinner out side .
i went to my friend 's party last night . there was a lot of food there . we sat on the balcony and talked for hours . we were very full . we stayed there until the early morning hours .
four adults and two children are all seating on a back patio around and behind a small table that contains food . five boys pose while playing with a sparkler . group of members are sitting together inside a glass cabin and watching something seriously two women are sitting in front of a glass wall and smiling many people are outside a home sitting at a table .
old and young enjoying dessert . birthday parties are always the best . enjoying watching the children play . everyone gathered for all the sweet treats ! too busy tucking in to smile for the camera !
a family sits around a table eating a variety of sweets . kids playing with sparklers and fireworks as they pose for photo some people gathered together in a sitting area outside . one girl holds ice cream in a cup as she sits on the patio with a friend . several people sitting and standing around a table .
everything was already for our party . [male] is enjoying one of the dishes we prepared . all the ornaments are put up and ready for the party-goers . everyone enjoys a good meal of cake and ice cream . frankenstein enjoyed his cake and ice cream too .
a food hall with two table cover with a yellow linen.|a food hall with two table cover with a yellow linen . an african american man in a red jacket holds some food . mural on the wall depicting children reaching for the sky the people are eating and are part of a haunted house in [location] . a woman is sitting next to someone dressed as the frankenstein monster .
we work as volunteers to help feed the community . we help set up the kitchen . and also prepare the food . we enjoy what we do . it really helps people .
a couple of tables with clothes on them and small pumpkins . a black guy with black sun glasses wearing a red jacket eating in a restaurant . a net hanging from a green pipe and 3 figures painted on a wall six girls are sitting at or near a table with food . a woman sitting next to a man in frankenstein mask .
we take life as seriously as we are supposed to . when we get together we also take our food just as seriously . having endless rows of good food and friends is the best way to live life to the fullest . nobody said anything about us eating . sometimes it is the best time when you provide meals for others . everyone is welcome in our circle . we feed anyone in need of a good meal .
set the table for the parent teacher conference happening later tonight . a man is eating from a plastic container . a mural of red , blue , and green outlines of people on the wall . women eat food at a table in a group setting . woman at a party sitting next to someone wearing a frankenstein mask
we decorated our house on halloween for the first time . then , we gathered at the dinner table to design our pumpkins . with a bit of work , we were able to carve out the seeds and implant faces into the pumpkins . here i am , unleashing my creation to the world . in the aftermath , we are proud to display our jack-o-lanterns .
an image of a fire taking out side a house people are sitting around a table and carving pumpkins . a woman sits at a table with a bunch of pumpkins on it this image is of a man carving a pumpkin . three carved pumpkins lined up and lit with candles .
carving pumpkins has always been a family tradition . [male] skipped cutting his pumpkin and dressed it up . our house looked quite eerie from the outside . the pumpkins ended up looking good . our house lit up every time a trick-or-treater came by .
a brick house with halloween decorations on the porch a group of friends carving pumpkins , for halloween . a group of people are carving pumpkins at a table . a man concentrates as he is carving a pumpkin three pumpkins are carved and one is wearing a mask .
this year we decorated the porch for halloween . the family got together and carved some pumpkins also . it was so fun scooping out all the inside and cutting out the faces . dad was very serious when it came time for to put the knife to his pumpkin face . in the end they all turned out great .
a home lit up with multiple colors at night . 4 people making carving halloween pumpkins inside a house a group of people carve pumpkins on a table . a man carving a pumpkin on an indoor table as a woman watches . a group of pumpkins that have been carved .
winter was very severe this year . everything was covered with snow . it took hours to get the road cleared . i had to help out as well . by the end of the day it snowed again .
the snow has fallen on the top of the building . scene of back yard during heavy snow day in urban setting . it us a snowy day . vehicles drive down a snow covered street in a busy city . man in yellow raincoat shoveling snow in city a man , a woman and a girl are in a traffic-filled street on a snowy day .
the calm before the snow storm comes into town . over night it slowed a lot enough to blanket everything in sight with snow . surprisingly the city streets have remained open to traffic . this local business owner is shoveling the snow away from the sidewalk near hos business . the show has tarted again and is starting to make driving difficult .
a snow covered roof top with a water tower a backyard is completely covered in deep snow . it is a cold and snowy day in this shot of a city street . a picture of the snow covered streets and a man in yellow is shoveling snow . people crossing the street on a snowy new york city day
it is a picture of roof tops . the ground and fence is covered in snow . the street is covered in snow . a man is shoveling snow . people walking in the snow .
the sky is overcast over a city covered in snow a yard covered in a thick layer of snow . a city street in the middle of winter with a cab driving down it . the people in the city are out and about in the deep snow . people walking on a city street completely covered in snow .
the man is on a tour of this landmark site . he stops to have his picture taken for future reference on the trip . a building off in the distance , what could be inside it ? as the tour continued they came across a statue and what looks to be a man made lake . as the tour stopped to take a photo a fountain that shooting water into the air as soon as the photo was taken .
the man is standing in the middle of a well landscaped garden . a man in a straw hat stands in a garden . plants thrive in a garden walled in by well aged brick walls . a small red building is seen behind the hedges . a tranquil water view in front of a building .
they visited the beautiful estate , viewing the amazing hedges surrounding the building . they loved seeing old buildings . they found the main part of the house , it was enormous and very old . the grounds were full of statues and various relics of the past . they even had a moat that flowed through the estate .
a man that is standing in the garden . old man standing in front of a beautiful yard . a tall , red building that is near the palace . a statue of a man and fish in front of a low pool , trimmed hedges , and an old building . a fountain is shooting water into the air in front of a long pool in a garden .
we arrived on site and [male] met us at the garden . he would be our tour guide , along with his fancy hat . he took us around the beautiful grounds ... and , continued through the garden ... and , then we saw it . the beautiful church at the end of the rainbow .
a neatly dressed man visiting a beautiful , well manicured garden . this man is the a tourist that was mistaken to be the groundskeeper an old building shows signs of its age as the paint begins to chip away from the red brick . this at one time was a clean pool of water the water sprout of a water fountain near a long rectangular pool of water .
the party got really weird last night . the girls were showing off their tatoos . the guys played some version of a twister game . i 'm not sure what happened to the girls after the party . he might know the answer to that .
three friends posing for a picture faking gang signs . a tattoo on a woman 's back of a woman with flowers on her face the boy is enjoying the company of his friend . the two ladies look like they have had alcohol in their life adult man sitting near white wall looks into distance .
i decided to hang out with a good friend . we also invited some other friends over . we are very close , best friends since high school . here is my girlfriend showing me who 's boss . it was a very fun night and full of laughter .
two men and a woman making signs with their hands for the camera . a woman shows an abstract tattoo of a grey woman , with a bright red and yellow floral arrangement in place of her head . a man sitting on his knees on top of a green blanket the two girls are hugging for the camera . a man in black is looking to his right .
today i had a bunch of friends over for a party . they are such an entertaining bunch when we all get together . i even had over some old friends i have n't seen in a very long time . we all had such a good time goofing around . everyone raise a hand is ready for the next party !
man with cigarette has a a red cap on his head sitting between a man and woman it was an odd tattoo but it was definitely original a man is kneeling on the floor next to another man the two women are posing in front of the door . this man is looking to his right hand side .
there was a wedding ceremony outside of manhattan . a small number of the bride and groom 's family decided to come along . they said their vows with a gorgeous view of the city in the background . then they exchanged their rings . the couple were finally married !
four people sit and several people stand to watch something happening on an outside deck at a party . a couple is marrying outside by the water an outdoor wedding ceremony is taking place by the water . two people in wedding ceremony kissing near lake two people flank this women in black who is holding a binder and speaking to someone in front of her .
the wedding guests listening to the vows . bride and groom exchanging rings . the bride putting the ring int he grooms finer . bride and groom first kiss as married couples . the pastor presenting them as husband and wife for the first time .
people in formal attire are gathered together outside . a couple that is preparing the ceremony in front of the people . the couple got married downtown in front of a lake . a man and woman kiss in a ceremony in front of a body of water . a group of people are standing during a wedding ceremony .
all kind of family came for the celebration . the couple was renewing their vows . it was a very special day . they couple kissed and made it official . the ceremony was very beautiful .
these people are waiting for their turn to take a picture . a couple get married in front of a lake . bride and groom standing with officiator in front of guests a couple embrace with a kiss at a function . three people are outside and are dressed formal , one is holding flowers
grandma was admitted to the hospital last week . she was given medication and some juice to make her feel better . the hospital kept her overnight to make sure she was feeling better . next week she was back at work being a teacher . we took her out for dinner to celebrate her getting better .
a woman sleeps in a hospital bed , hooked up to oxygen . the woman is deciding which juice to take with her medicine.. a lady laying down on a gurney in a hospital room . a woman sits and smiles at her classroom desk at school . a woman is eating lunch at a restaurant .
the woman was felling awful . doctors gave her the medicine she needed . she rested , but she was beginning to recuperate . soon , she was back teaching her students . she celebrated her health with dinner at her favorite restaurant .
a woman in a beige shirt wearing an oxygen tube , laying in a hospital bed . two small bottles of juice and a package of tablets a woman lays in bed , hospitalized and connected to a life-support system . a schoolteacher , setting behind her desk with the plant setting in the front of her an older woman is eating a bowl of soup in a restaurant .
a woman is sick in a hospital bed . her nurse brings her her medicine and juice . she relaxes hoping that the rest will heal her body . she returns back to work . and is able to eat soon .
a woman is lying on a hospital bed with her hand on the rail . a box of prescription pills with two juices in front an older woman recovering from a medical procedure . a teacher at her desk with a potted plant and different decorations around her . woman with glasses eating soup in a restaurant
i went hiking with my boyfriend today in the national park . we crossed a bridge while we were walking through . the bridge passed over this breathtaking river . we reached a cave and took a couple photos there . the national park is truly beautiful and i ca n't wait to come again .
a woman stands next to a sign which reads , `` welcome to [location] '' . a person is sitting on a bench next to a marker . a man and woman are standing outside on top of a mountain or hill against a scenery of mountain full of trees the sun beaming down on the back of toilet frame woman standing in front of a very large tree in the middle of a forest .
she poses at the location state line . he 's happy to be in the redwood forest . they pose together at the vista . the solar toilet is explained in the diagram . the trees make them look like little insects .
a woman stands in front of a sign that says `` welcome to [location] '' . a man talking on his phone next to a sign a man and woman are standing in front of a mountain range the sign is about solar energy from the sun . a person stands in front of an enormous tree in a sun-lit forest .
we went for a hike in northern location . we crossed through the redwood national park . we climbed up some small mountains . and laughed at the novelty of the solar toilet . we found a really large redwood tree .
a older woman standing in front of the welcome to california sign . man on a phone sitting next to large sign to entrance to park a man and a woman are taking a picture in the mountains . the sign is rusty and hard to read unless viewed up close . a person posed in front in front of a giant redwood tree .
this year 's 4th of july celebration was spectacular . the fireworks were closer than normal . the crowd gathered around to get the best view . there were some fancy fireworks , containing multiple colors and patterns . it was a great day to spend with family and friends .
a white firework explodes over their heads and i need more cash above some coniferous trees and street lamps , a large white firework twinkles and spiders down from it 's explosion . a bright display of fireworks in the night sky fireworks explode overhead as a crowd of people watch . a group of people standing outside staring at fireworks
boom , boom , boom the fireworks sounded . colors of green , purple , pink and white exploded in the sky . the crowd was mesmerized . brilliant greens and red trailed down to earth . pink , blue and white compelled everyone to look up .
fireworks explode over a crowd of watching civilians during the evening . a set of droopy fireworks are displayed brightly in the sky purple fire work exploding over trees with people watching some fireworks are going off above peoples heads a large white firework in the sky over a crowd .
quite a crowd has gathered at the start of the display . everyone was in awe at the large fireworks . some were multi colored like this one . others had several different sequences to them . this one is pure white and misty , but still awesome looking .
several people in lawn chairs gather to watch the fireworks . a ifrework is exploding in the night sky fireworks display high above event attendee 's during ceremony . a crowd of people watch a fireworks display . a very large group of people watching the fireworks .
this is the story of [male] [male] , who was killed by police though he was unarmed . he became a symbol for average people who feel oppressed in their communities . all kinds of people come out to voice their anger . these are posters that appear in many cities in our country . that 's spanish for [male] for [male] .
two men holding a banner up to protest a murder trial people are holding a banner memorializing the death of [male] [male] in nyc two protesters holding up signs with a few others in the background . this image is of 2 women holding up wanted posters . words written in blue chalk are scribbled on the ground .
i ran into an [male] [male] protest while in the city . everybody had protest signs . many ethnicity were represented . there were even some hispanics there . people were leaving graffiti everywhere .
two men hold a large sign that says [male] for [male] [male] at a protest . a sign referring to a slain black person is being held up . two people that are holding up banners next to each other . two women hold signs calling for justice for a young male . sidewalk with someones name written in chalk on it .
the protest was for [male] [male] who had been gunned down by the police . people made banners with his picture . they demanded justice . everyone blamed the police . the rogue cops had given them all a bad name .
a group of activists for justice for [male] [male] on a sidewalk . a poster about an unjust death is behind held by people . two men hold up homemade signs in protest of police brutality . two women holding posters of a black man outside of a building . the words justicia para [male] are chalked on a sidwalk .
the annual homecoming celebration at the local high school went really well . a lot of people were honored in front of a big crowd . kids walked on the field as their parents accompanied them . the king and queen were crowned . it was cool to watch . they took a nice picture together with their tiara and crown on respectively . congrats you two !
a girl dressed in silver evening wear and a sash is being walked down a football field man and a woman while a band plays behind them . three pretty girls escort the `` duke , '' on the field . a man and woman are walking across a field crowded with other couples , uniformed people raising ceremonial swords and a marching band standing at attention . the king and queen are being crowned on the field . the homecoming king and queen are put on display at the football game .
mom and dad are so proud of their baby girl . all the siblings were asked to get together and take a picture . even mom got a great shot of her son here . all the friends got together and shared in on the fun . [male] and queen they are crowned .
a man and two women are walking on a green field four young kids are standing together on a football field . a woman and a young man are walking out on a sports field . two women crown a homecoming couple with gifts a prom king and queen are posing together at a football game .
i was so glad to attend the graduation ceremony . many of the students were happy to finally graduate . all of the students brought their friends and family to support them . i took plenty of pictures while i was there . i had a great time .
three people walk on a sport field in front of a marching band . a group of young adolescents stand with linked arms on a football field . an older woman and a younger man walk across a football field as they are recognized for some distinction . a homecoming king and queen are crowned at a football game . an picture of a prom queen and prom king .
i love this kind of old artwork . we saw some really creative works of art here . this alley was to beautiful not to capture this old building was very scenic and surreal . finally , we saw some more modern works of art .
the castle turrets reach far into the sky against the fluffy white clouds . the calm river runs underneath a suspension bridge . the cobblestone drive way up to the house was fitting a wooden log shaped like an alligator with a bridge in the background . a river with a blue bridge above it and someone is riding a bike across the bridge .
this is a town that is centered around a castle . the river leads straight to the castle . quaint streets lead to gracious neighborhoods . a local wit carved this log into a friendly crocodile , it leads the way to the suspension bridge . there are smaller walking bridges for pedestrians .
a castle that has crosses , sheilds , and statues on top of it . the river slowly ambled its way to open waters , unmindful of the approaching fall . a stone pathway runs between homes that have brick walls and beautiful foliage . a large piece of wood is carved into a gator the blue bridge had such great detailed construction .
we went to location and visited some old cathedrals . they were located right off the river . the streets still looked like cobblestone . the bridges were new though . we enjoyed the views of the water and old town .
a castle is underneath a clear blue sky the river looked beautiful with the backdrop of the bridge on the warm summer day . a walkway and stone street that has brick walls on both sides and trees and bushes on the side . brown alligator on green grass looking at a metallic bridge a blue metal bridge over a calm canal of water .
[female] presented her experience running a retail store this morning to business students . she started off with personal experiences . she opened up the discussion to the students . one of the questioners was a former employee that was let go . it made [female] realize what a small world it truly is .
a speaker gestures toward a sign for [location] a & m university this image is of a woman that is giving a speech . a woman in black standing in a white room . a woman in a black dress speaking to a crowd a woman in a brown leather coat stumped
there were a lot of people at the convention . they were all there to listen to the speaker . she had prepared a great speech . everyone had questions . she was up there for a couple of hours .
a woman is pointing at the red banner . a woman dressed in black is standing in front of a door with her hands extended to her right . a well dressed woman is standing in a white room with a door behind her . a woman stands up and gives a speech the lady dressed in blak is in deep thought
she put on her black leather jacket for the her lecture because it matched her mood . the message was important but with everything in the back of her mind she was worried about her delivery . being there , being present in her mind just was n't happening that day . she kept wondering if her audience knew . pushing the thoughts out of her mind , she persevered .
a woman stands in front of a screen giving a lecture . woman standing in front of a board talking while looking at others . a woman with red hair and wearing a necklace and earrings looking to the right of the camera . the woman is giving a speech to the crowd . a serious-looking woman dressed in business-formal attire attends a conference .
[male] and [male] met up for a crazy night on the town . first , there were some interesting food choices . and then some truly thrilling entertainment . of course , they caught some live music . at the end of the night , they relaxed and reflected over some cocktails .
two men one wearing plaid are in a photo a close-up view of food on a plate . signage notification for upcoming typing competition with contact info . a band on stage in a dark room . a plastic cup with a yellow beverage and a red straw across the top
i went out to the bar with my best friend . we had some tacos for appetizer . we laughed a bit about this typing championship . the music was n't that great , but i enjoyed talking with my friend . the best part , was this giant tequila shot , it was great .
a man posing for a picture while the other strokes his beard . a couple of tacos are on a plate a photo of a flyer for a typing championship . a man is holding a guitar on top of a stage . a straw is holding a lime over a drink on the rocks .
two friends went downtown so they could watch their favorite band play live . there was food served to everyone that came out . there was also games to be played before the band came out to play . when the band finally did come out to play , the whole audience went crazy . alcohol was served and everyone had a good time .
two men standing together . one is smiling for the camera , the other one is looking down . two dishes filled with fajitas sitting on a table . the sign for ultimate typing championship and the directions for it . musician sings and plays with other band members during performance . a cup that is filled with alcohol and water .
everyone is enjoying the party . everyone has a drink in their hand ! there were a lot of people who showed up to the party . everyone comes to get a drink . there were plenty of drinks for everyone .
two women pose together in glittery christmas cheer . a group of women that are in a room . a group of young people fill blue and red plastic cups with beer . a woman is posing with a beer in her hand . a woman wearing a sleeveless blouse tilts her head back while chugging from a bottle
last night 's party was so much fun . there were a lot of beers . we all had a lot to drink . afterward everyone started playing drinking games . i 'm not sure if there was anyone able to drive .
two smiling women are standing by a christmas tree a group of people are gathered for an event . a guy with a cork in his mouth is attempting to pour alcohol into red cups . a woman smiling wide with a beer bottle in her hand . thw woman is drinking a whole bottle of wine .
casie and [female] went to the mall to find boyfriends . they scoped the area out but had no luck at the mall . they went to the bar next to try their luck ! [female] was eyed by a lesbian from across the bar . [female] now drinks heavily because she can not find a boyfriend
an image of a two women that are posing for a party people are standing in a room with brick wall a guy putting beer in the cups to play a game . a woman with long blonde hair is smiling . a woman chugging wine while a man watches .
the man did not look pleasd as he gave a speech . the people paid attention though and were interested in what he wanted . they all took good notes .
a man with specs in formal dress with a pink tie a man wearing glasses and business attire stands with a serious expression on his face . a man in front of a room full of people talking a group of people that are learning a new idea . a man in a suit and tie is standing at the front of a classroom full of people , who are seated in groups at round desks .
[male] was ready to start class but the students were still coming in . as soon as they sat down he got right to lecturing . his lecture was very exciting . [male] was very enthusiastic . the class was much more exciting than i thought it would be .
a man wearing a suit and glasses stands against a wall . a man with glasses and a suite looks unhappy . a man is giving a presentation to a group of people . this is a class with a lecture taking place about the channel growth share matrix . a man giving a presentation to a room of people .
the speaker had stage freight so was nervous about his upcoming business presentation . but when he began it all came naturally . he showed his proposal to the company . and stressed the importance of a budget . everyone took notes and contemplated his ideas .
a man in a brown suit stares off into the distance . a middle aged man standing with his lips pressed together people gathered in a room with a speaker showing a presentation a group of students watch a boring slide show in class . group of people in a learning meeting session at work
the tomy catalog featured pages of wonderful toys such as these stuffed animals . there was also a dollhouse that any little girl would enjoy . for young boys , the model train set would be a great choice . the catalog also featured a few interesting toy robots . of course , there were also action figures which are always a popular choice .
a pair of stuffed rabbits surrounded by rustic decorations . a depiction of a dollhouse with tiny stuffed bears dressed as humans . the paper on table has a playground model an advertisement for a robot named omnibot 2000 . the toy robot with gun barrels aimed forward is shaped like a dragon .
i was looking through the toy catalog yesterday . there were many expensive toys . some of them were cool . i tried to decide which one to buy . i think i 'll buy this one .
this is a picture of two stuffed animals . an entire animal family is in front of the toy house . this is a picture of toy train station set . this is what the robot butler looked like in the catalog a cover picture of a toy set with pieces of a dragon .
robosaurus was orange and viscous , and ready to battle . the omnibot jr. clenched its cup holders , trembling in fear . mr. d.j . slide into frame and told omnibot jr. , `` i 'll fight by you ! '' and then , all the robots picked a team and played the world cup fusball . afterwards , they broke open a water starball and quaffed the water , to the detriment of their circuits .
there are two teddy bears that were silk screened onto the shirt . a small doll house for stuffed animals filled with bears and rabbits small image of a toy train set on its tracks . magazine advertisement for omnibot 2000 , depicting it holding a glass , a bottle , and having an orange on its platform . a vintage magazine cover with a robotic dinosaur on the front .
my first week in location , location . some of the first things i noticed is that the japanese people really like anime . and they love playing dress up . everything has to be a sexy variation of a uniform . this is my favorite anime out of all of them .
downtown lit up cityscape , foreground shot empty street with brightly lighted storefronts . a sign in japanese showing girls drawn in asian style two manga art posters are displayed next to each other . an anime poster with six different characters on it . and oriental design of a cartoon character displayed
went to location today ! got a copy of `` big boobed himoko chan '' though there was much more on sale ! i could n't buy it all ! i found my wifu , though .
night shot of city lights , building and a street a japanese comic book is displayed for sale . japanese animated magazines laid out on displace for consumers . numeouse female characters on the front of a shop window anime girl on mural with asian writing placard indicating something .
location is beautiful at night ! we had to look at some anime stuff ! there were costumes to try on . here are some pics we took in the costumes ! we enjoyed our evening !
people are on a city street and sidewalk at night . an anime comic book with a girl on the cover an image of manga coloring books and promotional materials a boom cover made of lady cartoons drawings a picture of an animi character up for auction .
my wife and i went on a fun vacation together in location location . we saw a concert with a really great cover band . the guitarist really did an amazing job . it was like seeing the real band ! the whole band was amazing ! the concert got a little crazy . what happens in location stays in location !
this is a picture of two dancers wearing skimpy clothes a man sings a song while playing a red colored electric guitar . music performer with a guitar a musical instrument on its shoulder . a rock 'n roll performer on stage , pointing at the audience a tattooed singer is standing at the microphone .
there was a musical going on downtown today . there were many popular singers there . they played a lot of good songs . the audience was heavily involved . the singers were very motivational .
two women dressed in white plumed headdresses , fur jackets and bikinis and long white gloves are standing in front of a casino . a man with long hair is playing the electric guitar on stage . a rock guitarist performs on stage during a concert . a woman is on a stage singing and pointing the singer has a lot of tattoos and a rag tied around his head .
the show in location location was absolutely stunning . the show girls put on an excellent performance . the lead guitarist of that band i like was doing some serious shredding during the set . the other guitarist was putting on a show for sure . he was tossing his guitar every which way . the lead singer looked right at us and i could swear he winked at me . this is from the last song of the night ; it was such a wonderful time to listen to that band play .
two women who look like las vegas showgirls , wearing white bikinis , cropped white fur coats , and huge white feather headdresses . a musician holding a red guitar jamming out . a person with a head band and long hair holding a pink guitar near a microphone with a set of drums lit up behind them . the singer is holding a microphone and pointing at the audience . a man performing on stage with colorful tattoos.|a man performing on stage with colorful tattoos.|a man performing on stage with colorful tattoos.|a man performing on stage with colorful tattoos .
museum display of a block of butter , knife , and jelly at the organization organization of art and design . close up picture of the artwork . setting up second exhibition . exhibition three , basket of lobster name the crown . closeup realistic of two lobsters and claws .
a knife stuck into an orange block sitting on top of a white display case a fork is in a block of butter with sauce a barefoot man in a black shirt behind a piece of long plastic with yellow squares of paper on it . one of the exhibits held a black crown , notable for its unusual design . several lobsters are lined up next to each other .
there once was an artist who loved to work with food to create surrealist art . his work was admired by all of his peers , and one day his good friend encouraged him to open a gallery . so the artist got all of his best work , of which his favorite was death by dairy product . his second favorite piece was also on display showing the effects of overcooking . on the night of the gallery opening it seems that the crowd favorite ; however , seemed to be the video piece on food consumption .
a gray podium is seen near a white wall . a piece of butter with a knife in the middle and what looks like jelly coming out of it . man stands next to display on plastic sheeting on ground . a piece of art containing assorted weeds and crab like hands inside of a black pot . a close-up of a pile of lobsters on a table .
block of bloody cheese anyone ? just kidding but this is a rel work of art . today i went to help my friend prepare for his art show and this is what i arrived to . i knew right away this would be interesting . the part i helped with was placing yellow sticky notes under a piece of plastic . there were 2 interesting art pieces this is the first one . this is the second a sort of lobster bird.all was as interesting as was thought to be .
a sculpture of a knife in a bleeding block of cheese on a pedestal . slice of cheesecake with red gel dribbled on top with a knife sticking in it the man was looking at all of the papers on the ground . a lobster attempts to crawl out of a hot pot . frozen and dead lobsters in a crate out of the water
some of the artwork that were being auctioned were put on display on the wells . my friend really liked the portrait of a lady . we were given free wine and got to mingle with some of the other people at the auction . it started soon after and everyone sat down . the bidding for pieces were very friendly and everyone had a good time .
a group of people sitting in the living room a man on a couch pointing to the portrait of the old woman above him . two women at a party pose together for a photo . a group of individuals are watching a band play on stage . different people sit at white tables at an event .
this beautiful victorian house with it 's great chandeliers and it 's awesome paintings was the perfect place to have a party . they set up chairs and hired a band , and everyone had a great time .
a family that is gathered at the dinner table a woman sitting on a brown couch under a painting of another woman . a woman in horned rimmed glasses poses for a picture with another woman . adults sitting at tables with performers on stage during formal event . people were gathered around tables and eating in the dimly lit room .
the guests arrived to the mansion for the party . they found wonderful artwork everywhere . then they mingled with everyone else that had arrived . it was time for everyone to head to the ballroom . after that everyone sat down for dinner .
people are sitting in a green walled room woman sitting on striped couch below victorian era portrait the ladies are happy and have posed for a photo at a night party people sit at white tables and watch a musical group on stage . a group of people that are sitting next to each other .
the conference was being prepared for the people to arrive . the guests were greeted by a couple of presenters . the crowd greeted each other as they arrived . then lectures were given at the conference . after each lecture , they took questions from the audience .
a blue and orange arch is in the courtyard of windowed buildings . a man is holding a microphone in front of another persons face and other people are behind with cameras or standing . the one biker was demonstrating something to the other biker . this image is of a man at a conference describing a product . a man in a striped shirt is standing in front of a screen on the wall
at the fundraiser event , there were many attractions . the leader of the company had some words for the audience . he even brought out a few guest speakers . people began arriving to support the company . the new innovations were showed off to the audience .
a large inflatable beside that people can walk under it is an archway three men are standing on a platform . the man in the center is holding a microphone in front of the man on the left . the man on the right side is holding a large video camera . two men in grassy area wearing biking gear a man is pressing a button that seems to be of importance . the speaker was very informative about olympic skiing
our whole team was excited to arrive at the big conference about sport protective gear . the big tube outside let us know we were really there . we listened to the keynote speeches from up on the catwalk . then we all went to some of the demonstrations . the advances in gloves were particularly compelling . this guy from organization organization blew us away with some of his monitoring devices . and this man talking about hockey falls was amazing . we were all very glad we attended the conference .
a sign for [organization] [organization] positioned in front of a high rise a man being interviewed by another man with a microphone . a group of people standing on a patch of grass on a cloudy day a man is showing an audience how a item works . the man is speaking in front of a projector .
a woman named [female] was very happy and excited because she was going to go sightseeing . one of the things she saw while shopping were beautifully crafted cups . her friend , [female] , also went with her , and took a break along a brick wall . one of the sillier things they saw was a stone money with sunglasses . at the end of the day , [female] was tired and shy about getting her picture taken
a chip breaks the skin on the top of a cheesy dip . and or ornate designed pot with colored watches on top a person with part of a lime in their mouth appearing to have a green smile . a woman has one hand on a brick wall and is smiling a monkey statue is wearing sunglasses next to bushes
yesterday , i went over to my friend [female] 's house to have lunch and hang out . she put out some really neat pottery to eat off of . [female] and i played around with our drink garnishes and laughed . we had a good day talking and hanging out . the most fun , however , was just being silly with her .
someone is dipping a tortilla chip into the cheese . blown multi-colored glass ; possible the spout of a pitcher a close-up of a woman with a piece of green food in her mouth . the woman is standing in front of the stop sign . a stone statue of a chimpanzee models an expensive pair of sunglasses and keeps a potted plant company .
for lunch we had chips and dip . then went to work on some art . she thought she was funny and tried to make me laugh by sticking a lime peel in her mouth . i posed for some pictures outside of the studio . the monkey was by far the best piece of work i had created .
someone dipping a tortilla chip into a white cream . a glass with colored flecks can be seen close up . a womans face with a lime in her mouth a woman in a blue shirt is standing on a city street , hand on a brick wall . a cement monkey statue is wearing brown sunglasses .
we are going over the bridge to go for a nice hike . it is very relaxing traveling under the shade . the fields have so much space , it is a great place to run around . we are getting pretty deep into the forest now . we have finally reached a stream of water , hopefully it is alright to drink .
a large green field with a display of aligned trees under the blue sky an old wall standing in a shallow river bottom a lone person is walking in the distance down a path beside a wooded area . an over the top bridge or train track in a what it looks like a park or a trail . several two-story brick buildings are aligned in unison with each other in front of an empty lawn
the countryside was a beautiful lush green . the water was still puddled from the storm , this bridge took us over the river and to the trailhead . this is a view of the bridge from below . the houses were old and so charming with their brick facades !
a green manicured field with two rows of young trees . a body of water amid trees on a sunny day . a walkway with stone sides going towards a green path . a nice view of a bridge connecting two large heavily vegetated areas . an older brick building taken during the day .
it was a great day to be outdoors . a nice quiet stream . the road led them so many places . a fantastic bridge . such a quaint area .
a bucolic country scene , with green grass and healthy trees an old looking structure standing in a beautiful landscape . an empty walkway winds through trees on this sunny day . a large bridge a creek running under and trees alround a large castle like house that is grounded on green grass with blue skies above
the family ready for halloween in the location location . it is a time when zombies and ghouls haunt main street , and you can trick-or treat at all the shops . at night things get really creepy when the un-dead come out to dance in the parade . even [male] mouse puts on a costume and joins the fun .
people walk through a festival in the street while a sign advertises a [male] mouse halloween party . a woman with zombie makeup poses for the camera . random fun size candy , skittles , tootsie roll , milky way , 3 musketeers , lemon heads , m & m 's people in costumes are dancing on a ballroom floor mickey mouse is dressed in a purple costume
on our disney family vacation last year we attended the [male] 's very merry christmas party . the costumes were really done well . organization gives a lot of candy . the halloween parade is professionally done . even [male] gets into the spirit .
it was obviou the parade had started in the streets the person is dressed up like a zombie on the walking dead . a collection of small packages of candy lies on a colorful cloth . a dance where everyone is dressed up as dolls a person in a mickey mouse costume stands by a red curtain .
greetings from the disneyland halloween party ! i dressed like a goth . surprisingly , i got a fair amount of candy ! i also saw so spooky ghost dancers , and even count [male] ! [female] to see you thanksgiving !
people stroll along main street at [organization] wolrd a woman at an amusement park in a horror costume . halloween candy that has been poured out on a blanket . performers in costume are dancing in the street . the mickey mouse character is on the stage .
the room was dimly lit and the table was set . there were many guests who showed us to discuss . some of the partners took a group photo . they were ecstatic about the progress of our company . together , as a department , we are changing the world .
a row of awards on a table along with a candle and a vase . the people are all looking to the front of the building at the speaker . woman stands between couple while receiving award during ceremony . three people are standing in a dark room and smiling a large family poses for a photograph as a group .
the awards have arrived for the ceremony . the audience listened while the speaker gave a speech . one by one they accepted their awards . they were so excited for the honor . after that they got together to take a group photo .
awards on display awaiting to be handed out to their recipients . one man addressing a room filled with people seated around large round tables a man and woman flank a second woman who is holding a glass award . three people presenting their award for the camera . a group of people are standing in a large studio
the wife brought flowers for this special event . the coworkers of the company created a video to thank its ceo . the ceo announced his retirement . he told everybody that his son would replace him . he posed with his employees afterwards .
plaques on a table with a candle and a vase of roses people sitting at tables looking at the guy speaking . the recipient of the award posed for a picture with the presenters . three elderly people are smiling with an award . a group of individuals are taking a picture together .
when we got to the city , we expected to see some pretty modern things . imagine our surprise when we found an old style carnival right in the middle of the city . it was like we had stepped back into the past almost . we bought food , souvenirs , all kinds of little nicknacks . and before we knew it , the place was ready to close and we had to leave .
city skyscrapers light up the skies at night . people outside at night in front of a lit up carousel a display of sugary snacks and decorative foods . a group of people standing out side of a store a dimly lit street is illuminated by store lights at night .
the skyscrapers are some of the tallest buildings across the country . at night , the city hosted a nightly carnival . the bridge is much more convenient at night . we decided to use the bridge to get to the city carnival in record breaking time . many vendors had great food to offer at the carnival . the carnival had many inner city people show up .
a group of buildings that are next to each other . a carousel lit up during the night to spinning around . [female] for sale , lots and lots of candy for sale . everybody had gathered at the hut to get their provisions . a rainy night scene with lighted buildings and pedestrians with umbrellas .
we went to the city for a big party in the streets . we rode the carousal at night when the lights were bright . the bridge that crossed over the water was even lit up . there were so many different fun games to play that night . even during the night people were out riding their bikes .
a view of a city with high rise buildings illuminated at night . people gathered around a merry go around at a park a variety of sweet treats are on display in a market stall . a group of people stands at a small outdoor store . a dark street scene , with a brightly lit small building in the foreground .
the night started off slow enough . everyone sat around chatting . then the drinks came out and things started to get a bit hairy . after a few drinks , the girl started picking things up randomly and demanding to be photographed with them . after a few more drinks , she tried to eat a frog . she passed out after that . the next night , it started all over again .
a woman sitting on a chair getting something to drink . friends get together for a beer and a photo . blonde haired woman holding a drink posing with another woman . a group of individuals are having a discussion while sitting down . a woman wearing mardi gras beads at a bar
at first i was a bit worried about the company party having a luau theme . but the drinks had silly little umbrellas . and i 'm not sure how [male] potter relates to a luau theme , but the drinks were great . to liven things up i pretended to eat a lizard , i think i may have had too many of those umbrella drinks . in the end , after some good food and drinking , the party was a hit .
girl drinks a green drink with an umbrella two women and a man sit at a party , posing for a picture . two sweaty women hugging and smiling for the camera 3 females and a male together in a room with bright art on the wall behind them this is a picture of a woman wearing a white shirt
i had a lot to drink at the party last night . there were a lot of people there . i took pictures with all of them . after a few hours i was feeling really tired and sat down . i think i may have had too much to drink .
a smiling girl having a tropical drink in her hands . nothing like a photo to remember a great party . two women smile for the camera as one holds a drink . a family gathered in a living room having conversations . the woman is wearing a black necklace and a white tank top .
it was a great day to attend the auto show outdoors . first we saw this ferrari pull up . then out of nowhere comes another ferrari . this lamborghini really stole the show . our favorite however , was this white organization . what a car .
old black sports car parked on pavement in the shade a shiny red corvette in the in middle of the road . an orange sports car drives past a black sports car parked on the side of the road in a quaint downtown setting . yellow-orange sports car with black convertible top in parking place a car is moving through an intersection near buildings .
there were a lot of fancy cars in the neighbor hood today . i had a great time taking pictures of all of them . they were very fast . i 'm not sure what was happening in town . some of them were very expensive .
a nice black sports car is parked in a parking lot . a sleek red car driving down the road . a few expensive cars parked on the side of a street an orange sports car with a dark windshield parked on a city street the euro dynamic car is making its way through traffic .
this car owned by our manager . this red one belongs to my immediate supervisor . the black one owned by our team lead this one owned by our board of director . and i am proud to say that i owned this one .
an expensive black sports car parked in a parking lot the sleek red car drives along the road . fancy sports cars next to each other on a city street . a bright orange sports car is parked in a space alongside a city street . the car went quickly through the intersection as other drivers waited .
the gorilla suit looks realistic . [male] wanted to try it on . but he took the mask . and he did n't need the rest of the costume . the gorilla suit makes us crazy .
a woman that is covering herself with a gorilla mask . a man with a beard is posing in a room silly and bored at work , the man donned his ape mask . a man is wearing a mask and lifting his shirt a person dressed as a monster in an office cubicle .
it 's prank day at work , [female] seems ready . [male] tries on the gorilla costume for later . [male] works for bananas . some of us do n't need to wear the full costume . location wearing gorilla finally makes his dancing debut .
a woman makes a funny face holding a gorlla outfit a man wearing a gorilla outfit as another man helps him zip it up from behind a man is wearing a gorilla mask at the office . the man is lifting up his shirt while wearing a gorilla mask and a hat . person wearing a ape costume in a office room .
everyone at the office wanted to try on the gorilla outfit . it went from one worker to the next . one worker did n't need the suit as he is as hairy as a gorilla himself . we did get our work done , though . then returned to running on our knuckles and eating bananas .
a woman standing up holding a gorilla costume . a man dressed in an ape suit posing for the camera man wearing a gorilla mask in an office space man in gorilla mask and red hat sitting in office chair holding shirt up a man dressed in a monkey costume with a red hat on his head .
[male] went to a yard sale over the weekend . when he walked up to the house , he saw a beautiful piano outside . he had always wanted to learn to play . he next came upon a stereo in a glass cabinet . these were very nice items for a yard sale . an old phonograph was also there . [male] felt he could purchase some of these items to sell for more than he paid for them . a picture on the wall also caught his eye . that would look good in his bedroom , he though . last , he considered some old movie posters for his office . he ended up purchasing the piano .
beethoven sheet music sits on a piano with its top open . a betamax player is sitting with a fifty dollar price tag . a small record player is on a table a photograph hanging on a wall with a price tag on it . several vintage movie posters have been put on display .
there was the old piano that there also was theis amazing radio my grandma had the same music player that i found in the store there was also a picture that we found there from the old days we ended up buying some pictures as gifts
beethoven 's work is displayed as the music of choice atop the piano . a vhs dvd hybrid for sale going for $ 50 an old vinyl record player in black and white . a picture from the year 1928 is displayed . a collection of vintage movie posters hangs on a wall .
i discovered this antique shop around the corner from my apartment . they had so many interesting things from the past . one of my favorites to see were the old record players they had . a photograph hanging on the wall really fit the ambiance of the place . as i walked out i noticed even more old advertisements posted on the wall .
an old piano is sitting out with sheet music on it . the beta max machine is on sale for 50 dollars an old record player with a record on it sits on top of a table . a framed picture of [location] , dated at 1928 . american movie posters from the 60s in foreign languages .
the hockey game was intense . the goalie had given up many goals . the panthers fought back . they tried to defend the capitals . but the capitals kept on shooting .
hockey player practicing drills for a game by himself a hockey play is sitting down on the ice two hockey player body checking each other into the stands at a game there are two individuals trying to control the puck . a hockey player skating on the ice and maneuvering the hockey puck .
the countdown for the start of the meeting began . ceo quan stepped out with much fanfare . he introduced the paper thin tv . he also talked about the automatic robot vacuum . then he told about location foray into wearable tech .
a hockey player just missed a puck that is behind him . two hockey players are stretching on the arena ice . players smashing into each other during a hockey games . two hockey players playing hockey on a ice skating rink . the strong player is taking control of the puck .
my favorite hockey team has always been the location location . i love seeing the capitols 's opponents keeled over in disappointment . i 'm not a fan of fighting , but if you mess with players on the capitols you will get what you deserve . my favorite player to watch with the puck is [male] ovechkin . ovechkin is an expert goal scorer and not a bad passer .
a man in the rink playing hockey as number 8 . a hockey player with a cougar on his jersey sitting on the ice with his legs split . a hockey stadium . one of the hockey players appears to have collided against the wall , resulting in surprise for the hockey players on the bench . two male hockey players on opposite teams playing a hockey match . a hockey player maneuvers the puck with a hockey stick .
i went to comic con with my friends dressed as hippies . we you ran into wonder woman and evil knievel . we met a fisherman made of bronze . i think we even saw pee-wee [male] . the incredibles were also there .
a mother takes her child on a candy collecting adventure . a older statue of a nautical fisherman , seated on a brick wall on a sidewalk . a family dressed up in costume at night time . a man and a toddler dressed like heroes from the incredibles group of people that are posing for a picture wearing silly outfits
each year location location location holds a halloween parade for it 's guests . the guests are encouraged to dress up in costumes and celebrate . kids especially love this event and take advantage of the opportunity to be goofy and play make believe . mr . incredible and his son even show up ! everyone loves a good halloween celebration .
people walking around , the kid is in costume . a man is sitting on a brick wall in a blue costume , his hands and his face are blue four people of varying ages stand in science fiction outfits outdoors . a man and a boy wearing costumes walk down a set of stairs . several people dressed in bright tie day prepare a camera to take a group photo .
people attended a comic-con dressed in costumes . there were all sorts of costumes , such as this toy soldier . star wars is always a popular cos-play choice . and you will find plenty of superheroes ! it was fun for everyone , including this family of hippies .
a child walks in a ghost costume at a [organization] theme park . a street performer rests during a busy afternoon . a man standing beside two women in gowns and a boy in the street a man and a little boy , dressed in superhero costumes and walking down stairs . a group dressed in retro tie dye outfits reminiscent of the 1970s stand outside together with cameras .
this is a stadium that we saw our favorite team play baseball . they let us come on the field to meet some of the players . they even let me throw a pitch from the pitcher 's mound . we saw how the baseball officials worked . this was a great player that talked to us before we went home .
a crowd of people are watching a baseball game on a sunny day a group of people wait behind a line on a baseball field to get autographs from players . a man standing on a pitcher 's mound being photographed throwing a ball . three baseball players are on the pitchers mound . a baseball player walking into the dug out from the field
many people enjoyed meeting professional baseball players at today 's game . the children were excited waiting in line to meet their heroes . many families enjoyed spending time together while getting to meet their favorite baseball players . a baseball player demonstrates his skill and catches the ball . fans enjoyed the view of the game from the stands before this exciting day ended .
the baseball was just beginning and the stands were already full children line up to get signatures from baseball players . a guest throws out an honorary first pitch as a photographer snaps a photo . three baseball players are on the nice field . a baseball player wearing his glove as he walks off the field .
out on a family outing . some of the kids posing on the field . first pitch thrown for the game . pitcher is getting ready . off to the dugouts .
a crowd gathers in the stands watching a baseball game . after the baseball game a group of players sign autographs for children in the audience . a man throws out the first pitch in a baseball game . a group of baseball players standing on the pitchers mound . a baseball player walk to his team 's dugout .
my friend wanted to jump in the water . he finally did dive in . then i joined him . another person joined in soon afterwards . then one more person joined in .
a young man on a deck leaning over the water . a man diving into water with white shorts a woman in water with something under her that looks like wings there rafts have to be the best made yet two girls and one guys submerged in water at chest length holding their paddle boards
out swimming in the lake . i 'm gon na dive in ! [female] swimming already . gramma and grampa are enjoying it . sitting on the noodle is such fun . me and [female] playing around .
a man with no shirt on is looking over the dock . a man in swim trunks is diving into a lake . a woman looks like a butterfly as she uses a yellow flotation device . two women are in a lake swimming using floating devices as arm supports . three people with pool noodles and floats are standing in chest deep water .
the boy is deciding whether to take a swim . he decides to dive in the water . she is wading around in the cool water . they notice someone with a camera taking their picture . the girls have a stick fight to decide who gets the boy .
a man looks down from a platform at the water below a man in white shorts diving in to water . the woman is floating over a raft that makes it look like she has bumble bee wings . two people swimming with rafts in a lake . three people float in the water alongside their rafts .
they were celebrating their 20th wedding anniversary . their daughters joined them for the occasion . they went to a fancy and lavish restaurant . mom posed for a picture with her girls . lastly , the whole family posed to remember the occasion .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table in a restaurant . a women wearing red is next to a women with a black necklace . a crystal chandelier hangs in front of a window , surrounded by ornate railing on the upper level of a building . the women come in close for a picture people standing and posing for the picture dressed up
it was wonderful seeing my parents again . my cousin was at the party too . the restaurant they had the reunion at was beautiful . dad got the three of us together for the photo . i got my aunt to take this picture and get josh in it .
man and woman sitting at a table with glasses . mother and daughter at a restaurant while someone takes a photo a massive and ornate chandelier hangs over a stairwell . three women are holding each other and smiling together . five people are posing under a chandelier , three women and two men .
at the dinner party we had some wine . the girls posed for a photo . the place was gorgeous . mom and daughter picture . the entire family posed together .
a man and woman are at a table posing for a picture . two women are sitting at a table and smiling for a picture . a chandelier hanging from the top of the ceiling in front of a window three women standing side-by-side posing for a photo . a large family poses under a crystal chandelier
i arrived at the docks early sunday morning and everything was closed up . i was able to locate my friend 's cute town house pretty quickly . after breakfast we went for a long walk in the historic district . the architectural details on these historic homes are fantastic . later that day we went to an old mansion that had been converted into an art museum .
a waterfront boardwalk is deserted on a partly sunny day . a food turk that serves hot dogs and egg rolls a large coca cola sign sits unlighted in front of a large building an apartment complex standing next to a tree , the front of the house is well landscaped with a large tree .
the first thing we did on our vacation was check out the boardwalk . there was all sorts of things to do but we quickly grabbed a bite to eat . heading into town we started getting thirsty . some of the buildings were so tall you really had strain your neck to see the top . after a long walkabout we were excited to see the front door and get ready for tomarrow .
a wharf on the waterfront on a beautiful day . people eat at a hot dog stand on a bright sunny day . a giant sign is hanging up above a building . a large tree in front of a building a beautiful landscaped front yard in front of a building .
after walking down the pier for hours we decided to take a walk through downtown . we stopped here to have a bite to eat . there were many large billboard signs that we saw throughout downtown . some of the apartment buildings downtown are very tall . this building had so many plants on the property .
a man walks along a wooden pier on a sunny day [male] 's food stand during the day serving people . a large [organization] [organization] sign over a row of stores and highrises in back . a very tall building that houses the locals in it . large brick home with large amount of foliage and pillars by entrance way .
this is a picture of two people . this is a picture of the capitol building . this is a picture of a building . this is a picture of a crowd . this is a picture of a group .
two men in front of a door in a building . a shot of the capitol building from in front . a white building with several columns and laterns an asian man holding a camera and his daughter . a group of people standing outside a building
[male] and [male] pose at the congressman 's office . the location building seemed to gleam in the sunlight . the steps to the organization were intimidating ! there was a small demonstration that day . i think there were about a hundred people gathered outside '
two men posing for a photo near an american flag a picture of the [organization] [organization] taken from the driveway . the steps to an impressive government building are closed off . a older man with a child , is wearing a camera around his neck . a group of people standing outside of a large stone building .
i went down to the rally yesterday . it was right outside the courthouse . everyone was there . we were all standing up for our rights . the location location was nearby .
two casually dressed friends pose next to the american flag and a plaque memorializing dr. price of [location] . a white piece of architecture resembling a museum stands before the viewer . a large while building with stairs leading up to it . this is a daytime photo of people gathered in a park for an event . a group of people are protesting in front of the white house
we were so proud of the new couple . the groom showed love and appreciation to his siters . we took a group picture before talking to the bride . she thanked us for joining her on her lovely day . we had dessert before we left the venue .
a group of people wearing formal suit and talking each other the family joined the bride and groom for a family photo posed wedding photo in a garden , near hedges in front of a castle , with the field of view behind the camera to capture a wider scene . a high class looking dessert with white cream on top of a piece of sweet bread . a man with a woman at each side stands near a window .
all of my friends came to the wedding yesterday . there were a lot of people there . they took many pictures of the castle location . the cake they served at the ceremony was delicious . we had a great time there .
a couple of guys are standing in a field a group of people gather and look at each other on the lawn for a wedding photograph . the bride and groom are standing on the stairs in front of an old castle-like building . a fancy dessert on a shiny , white plate . the man is posing with two girls for the picture .
[male] 's friends were ready for a party , instead of a wedding . however , [female] 's family was happy to gather for the wonderful day . they had a beautiful backdrop for the wedding , a castle . and , the food was absolutely wonderful ! of course , as we mentioned , [male] 's friends were there for the party and party they did .
three young men standing outside wearing suits and ties a wedding party gathered together outside for a photo . bride and groom posing in front of a castle a fancy dessert made of ice cream and cake . three people in fancy dress posing for a picture .
the soldiers stood at attention as they unfolded the american flag . as they continued to unfold the flag , the chaplain started the funeral service . the soldiers held the flag in honor over the casket . the soldier 's children took a picture at the funeral , where they were honoring their father . the children and son in law took a picture at the funeral celebrating their father 's life .
soldiers folding the american flag at funeral military men assist at a funeral by folding the flag . four soldiers in uniform are folding an american flag . a nicely dressed couple stands in front of a tree the lady that is between the men is smilling
the funeral for the soldier was uniform . they gave him a proper send off . they folded the flag above his grave . [female] and her brother attended . their family was reunited in this sad time .
military personnel in dress uniform holding a folded flag . two men holding a flag at a military based funeral a bunch of soldiers holding a flag at a funeral . the man has his arm over her shoulder and they are smiling . two men and a woman standing in front of a brick building .
many people showed up in remembrance of the soldier . he was honored by his former comrades . they laid the flag over his coffin . his family showed up in his support . this family consists of two brothers and a sister .
a group of people that are dressed up in their uniform . the service men rolled the flag for the relative of the dead soldier . a group of military people holding a flag . a man and woman dressed nicely posing for the camera . three people in the picture are posed for apicture
family and old friends got together for a trip by the coast . the daughter is still not as tall as she wishes she was . there is a bike path you can take for miles by the ocean . it is very introspective to watch the waves slowly crash into the shore . day trips with nature always help families bond .
two people sitting at a table laden with beverages . a woman poses next to two very slender statues . beautiful summer day to enjoy a ride near the ocean . a lighthouse on a cliff at the edge of the beach . the two people are holding each other on the bridge
two women sit at a restaurant table and eat their dinner . they walk through the restaurant and see statues standing in a corner . the beach is next and they take a bike ride . the coast of the beach has gorgeous mountains and trees . the two women pose by the ocean for a final picture .
two girl friends are out for a good time at a local bar . a woman in a museum posing for a picture . people are biking down the paved road near a beach the watch tower is set at the edge of the hill a man and a woman posing for a photo on a cliff near the ocean
i took the kids to the coast for some sightseeing after lunch . these statues were taller than us ! we rode bikes along the beach . we also saw this beautiful lighthouse . i had to get a photo with the path and lighthouse in the background .
a young man and older woman sitting together at a table with beers a woman stands beside two very tall , slim statues . two people ride bikes on a trail by the beach the old lighthouse on the cliff can be seen for miles at sea . a couple stand on the coast near a lighthouse .
i started the night with a trip to panera . i ordered a delicious lettuce sandwich and a bowl of beans . then i made a trip to the storage facility , where i was greeted by cutouts of [male] rabbit and [male] hoskins . i had to dig through a lot of my belongings to get what i was really after . finally , i found it : a plain wooden table .
the outside of a panera bread restuarant is lit up at night . a sandwich that is being served on the table . a cardboard cutout for roger rabiit is against a wall a storage room filled to the brim with boxes and clutter . this is a very old table with four legs .
yesterday at panera i was having a late dinner . i ordered a sandwich and some soup . afterward i had to go to my public storage garage for something and there was all this stuff outside one of the garages . the inside of my public storage unit is pretty messy . thankfully i found the table i was looking for .
an outside photograph of a papers bread restaurant at night . a club sandwich sits beside a bowl of soup in this tempting meal . in a long storage hall there are cardboard cut outs of movie posters . a storage unit filled with lots of cardboard boxes . a plain wood table in a storage facility .
we won a bid on the locker during a storage auction . we were disappointed that the record player was not complete . we were excited to see who framed [male] rabbit movie memorabilia . we found some school notebooks that we had to throw away . we celebrated the locker finds by going out for lunch .
a panera bread building sits under the night sky . a sandwich on a plate with a side of soup . a pile of items , including cartoon character cutouts and signs , is placed in a row of storage lockers . a storage unit filled numerous boxes filled with various items . a wooden desk sitting in the hall way of self storage .
everyone watched as the bride and groom got married . all of the bride 's maids stood behind the bride to watch her get married . the bride 's friends was so excited for her . all of their friends and family were their to congratulate them . after the wedding , they all took time for group photos .
a bridesmaid holds the bride 's veil on her wedding day . six bridesmaids watch as the couple is being wed the bridesmaids in red dresses are standing next to the bride at an outdoor wedding . three beautiful people posing for a picture at a wedding . wedding party poses for photo at outdoor grassy area .
the bride and groom are at the front by the arch and they are saying their vows . they both say i do and applause is hear very loudly . the bride poses with her two bridesmaids . the groom takes a photo with a bridesmaid and his sister . finally the whole wedding party is photographed together .
a bride in a white dress is holding onto the flowers . bride and bridesmaids in red dresses standing near a decorated gazebo . two bridesmaid poses on the sides of the bride . a group of people that are smiling next to each other . a wedding photo of the wedding party outside in the grass .
[female] and [male] had a wonderful wedding . [female] was so happy . the guests had a good time too . the beautiful wedding was held by a lake . after the wedding the bride and groom at the first slice of cake .
a reluctant bride steps up to the altar while the bridesmaids whisper . women dressed in red hold flowers at a wedding . three women pose together in front of a lake at a wedding . 2 ladies posing with a man in a suit wedding party poses for photo standing outdoors in lawn .
[female] and i decided to join the neighborhood friends of trees club . on a rainy day , we went out with the club and dug holes for trees . it was a lot of work , as the holes had to be quite deep . planting our first tree was exciting ! the club took our picture , as is their tradition . whenever we see the tree we planted , we feel pretty excited !
an empty sidewalk outside of a brick building . the people are digging holes on the side of the street to plant the trees . a big hole is dug up in the grass . two women smile for a tree they just planted in cool weather . a tree is growing out of a dry patch of dirt .
today , we went to help spruce up the town by planting small trees along the road . we started digging holes on where we planned on planting the trees . after the holes were dug , everyone stood back to admire their work . the girls posed next to the new tree they helped plant . overall , the tree was firmly planted and ready to start growing tall .
a sidewalk next to some buildings with a sign that says friends of trees three people with shovels on grass with dirt out of the ground . large hole dug near sidewalk along city street two woman hold up a tree they have planted in an outdoor garden . a tree is freshly planted in the ground .
today was the big tree planting party . here is a picture of before the event . the finished product , a hole . now where is that tree ? ? there is tree ? how could i misplace it ? silly me ! getting ready to do some serious work here . and the boots are put into action ! as well as shovels , muscles , etc .
a sign is advertising the location of a meeting of a friends group . three people outside digging a hole in the ground . a large hole dug into the grass next to a paved road two women pose with a small tree that has no leaves trunk of a newly planted small tree with an earthen well for holding water .
i was out walking downtown last night . i went to the museum to see a lot of interesting pieces . some of the decorations outside were very whimsical . after it started to get dark i began to head back . i saw this dog on the street and took it home .
the entrance and exterior of an adult establishment is surrounded by erotic images . two large orange figurine in space suites on display behind a rope . a large leprechaun statue towering over cars parked along a city street . a black and white photo of an elderly couple walking down a sidewalk a small yorkie dog is standing on brick ground
walking in an adult only store . tintin and captain haddock with their astronaut gear walking in the moon . huge floating statue in the sidewalk . on my way back home saw the cutes couple walking hand in hand . a cute yorkie on the side of the road .
the adult store is advertising stripteases and a sex show . a display of astronauts is roped off for protection . a large inflatable leprechaun floating over a busy street . the couple mad the long walk down the street a very cute small dog with a collar and a leash .
this was a very unique trip . i did n't go inside but had to grab a picture . one shop we went into had lots of old toys . some things were a little weird and i did n't know what they were . these guys were from a famous tv show . i came home with a funny puppet .
billboard signs line the walls outside a building . the two figurines are displayed behind the rope . the cartoon character is much larger than the cars the elderly man and woman are walking down the side walk . a small black and brown dog on a brick road .
this is a picture of fireworks . this is a picture of pink fireworks . the fireworks are blue . the fireworks are orange and white . this is a picture of white fireworks .
a fireworks display is going off at night . the fireworks are bursting in bright colors in the air a purple firework is exploding in the sky fireworks exploding in a night time sky during the holiday . a large firework bursting and lighting up the night .
it was the fourth of july . time for lots of fireworks and fun . there was lots of ooooo 's and ahhhh 's . my family and i love watching the fireworks each and every year . the finale is always the best , except it means it 's almost over .
a firework explodes in the air and makes star patterns . fireworks during outdoor evening celebration lights up the sky . a firework explodes in blue and white at night three large bursts of fireworks brighten up the dark sky . a huge sparkling white firework explodes during a nighttime celebration .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i will return
bright fireworks illuminate the dark night sky with shadows in front of them . this image is of fireworks going off in the night sky . the fireworks made the dark sky appear purple . the fireworks are lighting up the night sky . the brilliant white fireworks explode in a dazzling display of celebration for the entire town to see .
looks like we 're in the front row ! the girls enjoying their time . look ! an anti-onion ring ! since we ca n't really see the court , we can at least watch it on the jumbo-tron . she 's kissing me ? !
an up high view of a basketball game with a jumbo screen . a group of girls at a stadium having drinks a very sunburnt man hold up a strangely shaped onion ring . the scoreboard at a basketball game has a tv on it the woman has decided to kiss the surprised man .
[male] and suzie decided to spend the night watching a basketball game . it was actually a surprise for organization so she gave him a big kiss to show her appreciation . they shared an order of delicious onion rings . suzie 's daughter called to see how they were enjoying things . then it was time for the game to start in front of this packed crowd .
the [organization] [organization] are playing a home basketball game . three women that are having fun with each other . a man in a blue sweatshirt is looking through an onion ring . a basketball game being shown on a big screen over the game . a woman kissing a man on the cheek with glasses
the family likes going to see the game . we always sit together in a big group . we do n't always play with our food , but today we ca n't help it . our seats are high up in the stadium so we are glad for the big screen . thanks , dad , for the tickets !
[organization] [organization] taking on an opponent on their home court . a group of women smile at the camera , two of them with large drinks . the man is enjoying the unique onion ring . getting ready to watch the end of the game , pretty close . a younger woman kissing the cheek of an older man
the whole gang went out last night in the extreme cold . i must say [female] got a little drunk . [female] , [male] and [male] were all hitting the whisky pretty heavily . [male] had a cigar , too . it was a good night , and looking at the city in the dark was pretty cool .
two men holding drinks in their hands who dressed for cold weather to include having on stocking caps one man is holding a bottle . a drunk woman with gloves is holding a drink . men and women are drinking beer in black and white two men are smoking pipes , while holding shots of some beverage in their hands , a man in the background is smiling broadly a view of a city harbor skyline at night .
i went to the bar to meet my friends yesterday . they were all very happy to see me . everyone was enjoying themselves . afterward we all went for a walk outside . there were a lot of lights at night .
two men make faces at the camera as they hold drinks . a woman with gloves holding a drink towards the camera woman sharing a drink from the same glass with other people a group of men holding cups and alcohol stand around at night in the cold the skylights at night are beautiful when all the buildings are lit up .
our friends got together this weekend to celebrate new years . we got pretty drunk and loud , [male] was trying to eat his shirt . we made sure everyone had a drink at all times , we did n't want any sobriety in this house . we blew our noise makers when the time came . but , the city did n't look much different , still the same city even in the new year .
two men are holding drink glasses and a bottle of champagne . a girl that is grasping on to her cup or doll . a woman shares her drink with someone in a crowd of people . three young men with noisemakers drinking and having fun nighttime view of calm waterway and lit up cityscape .
once a month they get together for a taste testing of the newest creation by [female] . she invites the whole family over to get everyone 's opinion . this time it 's donut holes on the menu . the evening was a great success . [female] and her partner ca n't wait until the next one .
a man in a women at a dinner table with assorted foods . people are sitting around the table at a restaurant . a plate of sugar tossed donut holed on a plate . two white people embracing for a photograph on a city street at night . a man in glasses standing next to a girl .
my mom can be annoying sometimes . yesterday she went around taking extreme closeups of people . dad was annoyed . my older brother was annoyed . my little brother 's annoyance is obvious .
a man and a woman have finished eating , and now sit at the dinner table with others . people are seated around a table with food and drink the chinese balls of dough are covered in sugar a man and woman pose outside of a building as it starts to become late evening . a man and woman standing next to each other in a hallway .
the young couple sat down to have a dinner with family . they had a large meal . then they all enjoyed desert . after that they went out for a night on the town . the couple had such a fun time .
a man and woman sitting at the table during a meal and taking a photo . people at a diner with beers and placemats . several chinese donuts on a red and white plate a couple out at night in a city . a man and a woman are posing for the camera and smiling .
we put on quite a luncheon at the office . there was a lot of meats and veggies . everyone cleaned their plates though . we were pretty sparse with the decor . the decor was simple , but it worked out fine .
this space has three pictures hanging on the wall and a plant in a vase and two small sculptures on a table . square table with food on top in bowls and containers . a table filled with food sits at the ready . food is set up and ready to go at this get together . a couple of drawings hanging on a tan wall .
when [male] said that he was doing his house japanese style for the party , i did n't really believe him . but when we got there , i was stunned at what he had pulled off . even the dining table was low and we had to sit on the floor to eat . and the serving platters and dishes were all authentic . he even had original japanese artwork on the walls . he went all out .
a flower arrangement sits on a wooden desk . a few meals are set up on the table . the table is sit up with a lot of food on it the table is all set and ready for people to eat . two long banners coming down a beige wall .
this weekend we planned an amazing dinner for the family . we decided that we would have traditional japanese food . the table display was so amazing . everyone enjoyed the food for much . i was very proud of the get together and i hope to plan many more .
plant that was sent by coworkers for well wishes . the table with blur table cloth is full of food . a very big meal all laid out on a long table . a tray holding dishes and a tea kettle sits on a table set with food . a wall has scrolls hanging down it and flowers are next to it
our business hosted its winter holiday party at a hotel . the food was served as a buffet . all the young workers sat at one end of the table . the older co-workers sat at the other end of the table . in the end , both young and old co-workers stayed until closing time for the hotel restaurant .
a group of decorated chrismtas trees on a stage . people in the parking lot of a building at night . a fresh market seafood display featuring various types of seafood a family is seated around a table eating dinner at a restaurant . two woman laughing while in a conversation together indoors .
nice decorations outside the venue for the annual office christmas party . we even got to valet our cars , which made everyone feel very appreciated . the food was a superb all you can eat buffett . here we are enjoying the delicious meal together . afterwards , drinks and smiles were had by all . great party !
five christmas trees are decorated in the night sky with bright lights . people are standing near a car inside a room the fish salesman checks his supply of ocean food on ice for quality and freshness . a group of people in a restaurant eating a meal . two women smiling at an elegant party scene
i will never forget the christmas family dinner last year . not even the rain could slow down the good vibes . fish , lobster and shrimp . we really went all out . our wallets are still hurting ! it was just nice to catch up with family i have n't seen in quite some time . i 'm glad my mom and my sister were able to make it out . i hope we 're able to have another family gathering soon .
a row of five christmas trees lit by white lights . a man looks at a car with a distinctly forlorn look on his round face . food is laid out on a metal table a group of people have a nice dinner at a fancy restaurant . laughing old white woman standing with a black lady
in keeping with christmas tradition , [male] got underwear . [female] got a book she wanted . knowing her , she 'll have it finished before new year ! [male] did pretty well . his wife got him a car ! i 'm envious ... but he deserves it . another tradition . i got a new pair of warm & snuggly pjs . i 'm glad i got this picture of [male] when i did , because immediately after this , he disappeared into his room to play the game .
a young man in glasses holding packages of underwear.. a woman standing in front of a christmas tree holds up a novel by a famous author . a man is holding a black key fob . a woman opened up a gift and is looking at it . a man holding a copy of a legend of [female] game .
i had a great christmas this year . my entire family received great gifts . i got everything that i wanted . and a new car . and my wife got me this shirt .
young man displays packages of men 's wear articles . a woman holding a book titled the innocent man written by an author named john grisham the man is smiling and holding a key fob . a woman pulling a pair of pajamas out of a box . man sitting in chair holding a zelda video game
we all got together for christmas again ! here 's my brother with yet more underwear ! mom got a book from her favorite author . my uncle got some sort of electronic gadget . i 'm sure he 'll figure it out ! my sister with some new clothes for her baby . [male] with the new [female] game ! he 'll be bust for awhile .
a man with glasses that is holding up a pair of socks . an older woman is holding the book the innocent man a very happy man wearing glasses , showing off his key fob . the lady is opening up her christmas gift that she received . a man wearing glasses holding up a wii copy of [female] twilight [female] .
we acted like groupies before the band practiced their set . they set everything up and got started . moving and being showy is part of the process . they are concentrating on hitting the right notes . everyone sets up their drums differently and she is no exception .
three people pose for a picture with one another . a small band making their music with a keyboard and guitar . a band singing a song and playing music . four men and two women in a band playing instruments . a man playing a guitar on stage jumps in the air .
we came to a friend 's concert for support and took pictures before his performance . our friend performed well on stage . he played a variety of instruments . his band also played well . there were some technical difficulties towards the end .
a man with a beard is standing next to two girls . a woman setting up a keyboard for a band . the man with the guitar is on stage singing . a band of six people stand on a stage performing . a man with curly hair holding an electric guitar kneels in front of his pedals .
the musicians take pictures with some fans before the performance . all their equipment is ready and she is playing the keys . the lead singer starts the song and the band plays together . the whole band can be seen performing . later in the night , another guitarist can be seen .
a man with a beard and wearing a hat stands with two lovely young women . live band members are playing for a live crowd . a man is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone the musicians were playing their guitars and drums . a curly haired guy is playing his guitar .
she started to hang the signs . they took a family photo . they look so happy together . grandma did not look very happy , though . the little baby was adorable .
lots of people gathered on the street and a large glass building . a police car with a lot of people looking at it , alongside a building in the background crowds gather together on the lawn and walk on a street outside . a large firework exploding to a huge audience . the large group of people watching fireworks .
we sat out here for his anticipating the fireworks display tonight around 9 pm they started to go off they 're where do many different colors mixed in with each other as they went off they 're was a hue of colors in the air this one had the sky the brightest by far
the large building is seen in the background people gathered on a grassy knoll waiting for some sort of motorcade . a police truck with lights on present . a large group of people are grouped together in an activity . a large firework display explodes before an audience . the picture is of people watching fireworks
i told my husband we had to get there early . by the time we arrived people were setting up on the side of the road . and then the crowd got huge . but the end result of fireworks was worth it . the highlight of the night was the chaser fireworks .
buildings made of glass off in the distance many people sit on the grass overlooking an empty street . a lot of people walking an hanging out in a gathering a picture of a large firework exploding with a group of people watching . several bright white and yellow fireworks bursting at once over the crowd .
it was the day of the big race . hundreds of people showed up in the city center to watch the runners . the finish line had two red arches ; people could see it from blocks away . other people lined up in the parking lot waiting for their runners to appear . one man decided to honor the veterans by taking his photo in front of the famous war scene .
a bunch of people standing in the sand with a clear blue sky . white man and a woman posing for the camera at the end of a marathon it looked like a race to get in to the event this is a group of kids in red , white and blue costumes . a man wears his medal as he poses in front of the statue of soldiers .
the beach was a lot of fun . there was a marathon event going on . i met some of the runners . they were very nice . there were many people watching . afterward there was a big parade . i had a great time there .
a panoramic view of the sky shows that it is a bright and clear day a man and woman embrace and smile , man with numbered card pinned to chest . walkers and fans gather for the start of the race . several people gather together as a group in preparation for a parade . a man wearing a metal stands in front of the iwo jima monument .
i spent the weekend at the pier . it was such a great day and the weather was perfect . i saw a lot of the sights and sounds . the boardwalk was great and had a great trail . the water looked so serine .
a group of people are standing on the beach with a clear sky above them . a man and woman get their picture taken after a run . a large group of people walking in a [organization] [organization] [organization] . a group of kids that are near the school . the runner is standing in front of a historical monument .
the field was so filled with beautiful flowers and animals . the flwere were such a perfect mix of colors . the little bridge gave it such a nice touch . the water was so clear you could see all the fish swimming . the goose had a little baby it was watching after .
a tree stump with mushrooms and greenery on it close up picture of a dragonfly on a leaf . a flower is in between a group of leaves a person is standing in a large green forest area . young geese on grassy shore near parents in daytime .
large mushrooms cascaded down the old tree stump . a dragon fly rested on a leaf over the water . the waterlilies were beginning to bloom . the road had lush greenery on both side . a family of ducks ate their morning meal .
nature photograph showing foliage and a tiered rock structure with moss growing on it . a blue dragonfly with four wings is on a long leaf . a pink flower amidst a lot of large , wet leaves . a landscape picture of a meadow is pictured . two adult geese stay by their goslings in front of a pond .
we hiked out to the nearby lake last week and it was a beautiful day . we saw so many pretty flowers , including these delicate white and yellow ones . we crossed a small wooden bridge that was really quaint . light green moss blanketed the ground like a living carpet . we passed by this cute little family of ducks as we made our way back home .
layers and layers of wood on each other . blue dragonfly sitting on a green plant over a pond a pink flower on a bunch of lily pads a panoramic of green grass with a women in the bottom . parent geese watch over their goslings by the edge of the water .
i snapped this photo of the dignitaries making their way toward an import conference . the first speaker takes a look at his notes as he is addressing the crowed . they were not afraid of answering the audiences questions as the conference went along . as another dignitary finished speaking steward shared a laugh with the crowd . an older speaker took command of the crowd shortly after , calming people with his booming voice .
a group of well dressed people walking down the stairs . a couple of men in suits are walking together listening to the people talk about what is going on . two men revealing a large poster with information large walkway with many men wearing business suits .
the delegates walking towards the annual conference . the delegates about to enter the conference and get to work . some of the crowd needed translators to understand all of the delegates . the delegate unveil the new peace plan . the delegates walking away after a successful negotiation .
many people in business attire to send sending downstairs steps walking intensely a group of men and women are taking a tour . mini professional looking men in suits that are waiting for an event several man standing before a display revealing it . dozens of businessmen in suits walk through a white corridor with windows on the ceiling .
the representatives all arrived for the conference . there were people from numerous countries . they listened to presentations from many speakers . many new proposals were presented . when it was over they all returned to their home countries .
group of people in business suits walking down stairs some prominent men in suits are walking and conversing . a group of suited businessmen sit in rows of chairs . two men pulling a cover off of a sign on a wall . a group of business men walking together through the train station .
this is my family of thugs . today we are having a party to teach the young ones in the family our traditions when they grow up the kids will take over the family business of selling seagull tears . the family likes to keep all the business inside house . we will like to one see a report about our family business in the news . that would be awesome .
the group of people got together for a visit a little girl and boy excited eat chips and wait for [location] the evening before christmas . the hungry , twin babies are double the blessing and double the love . a party of people gathered in a kitchen with a small girl at the table . there is a television on the wall to the left of the christmas tree .
my family came together for a christmas dinner.sitting around talking . my kids snacking and enjoying the company of their family . my cousins and their husbands standing around enjoying wine . kids were wondering where the presants were.come on dad open just one ? my sister and my niece sitting on the couch.the little ones are very tired .
a group of people that are in a room . a photo of a young girl eating something and a little boy standing behind her in front of a christmas tree . two people , sitting on a striped couch , each holding a baby sucking on a baby bottle . adults stand around the kitchen eating and drinking from plastic cups while a small girl sneaks food from the table , alone . a newscaster speaks live from a large city gathering at [location] , on a tv in a living room .
everyone was gathered at my best friend 's house , awaiting the countdown of the new year . the adults were n't the only ones excited , and waiting . although some needed to be fed , and take a nap . many gathered in the kitchen , anxiously waiting . until it was announced on the tv that it was now a new year !
the people are all gathered in the living room talking . two children that are enjoying the christmas holiday . man and a woman each feeding two different babies bottles . a gathering of adults and children in the kitchen and dinnng room of someone 's home . they turned on their flat screen television to watch the news and be updated to the event of countdown in the streets at christmas eve
having some friends and family over for some quality time . these woman look very pleased to be taking this picture . the kids are getting along great , are enjoying each other . they are swinging on swings and having a good time . all the kids are gravitating to the tree playhouse area .
two men sit on a couch while a woman stands . women sitting on a wooden porch on side of a house . girl standing with her older sibling on a wooden deck . mother and daugther pushing the swing for their smaller relatives an adult pushes two boys on a swing while a little girl amuses herself .
the men are waiting for the football game to begin . these sisters are catching up after a few months apart . the cousins are catching up and enjoying each other . they kids are having a great time on the swing set . testing out some different playground equipment .
a group of people gathered in a living room . two middle aged women sitting on a deck , smiling in the summer . a boy holding hands with young girl on a deck . older children assisted the toddlers on the swing set . the man is sitting with the children in the playground .
here is [male] who is the host of the party . his kids are in the background playing with each other . his wife and sister is visible on the patio talking to each other . that is his brother [male] who is playing with his own son . [male] goes back inside with everyone as it gets dark .
the men were arguing with one another as a woman looked on . a woman in a red dress is sitting next to her friend . the young man holding the girl 's hands attentively . kids are outside playing on the swing set . a person pushing a child on a swing set .
a group of friends and i drove to visit a church . when we got there we planned are day together . there was a bird flying in the sky that i have never seen . the day was sunny and cloudy at the same time . when we arrived at the church it was huge .
a vanity plate on a car depicting vmpyre . a word in the sand with people standing around it . a kite shaped like a dragon is flying through the sky . a picture of a kite in the foggy sky and bright sunlight . the church has two large towers on both sides .
i thought i spotted something off in the distance . as it got closer i thought it did n't look like any bird i had seen in person before . then it got close and i could see it was a dragon . we were scared so we took a huddle to make a game plan . then it occurred to me to call the vampire . he would know what to do .
the back of a silver car with a license plate that spells out vmpyre . a group of people at the beach a kite is flying under a gray sky . a kite flies up high in a hazy sunny sky . white church with sun and blue sky in background
mr. stoker arrived in his grey passenger vehicle , adorned with custom plates and inane stickers . his faithful servants etched his sigil upon the sand , calling upon the powers of transformation ! in a blink of a shutter , mr. stoker turned into a multi-colored dragon , riding the wind eddies of the cloudy sky . but alas ! the sun appeared , and burned him into a little black crisp . his no longer so faithful servants quickly found a holy building to purge their souls of his depravity .
the silver car has a personalized license plate some men carve the word `` homo '' in the sand together . a multi colored dragon kite being flown on a cloudy day . a kite rises high into the sky on a cloudy day . the church was tall , with cream colored walls and gold details .
the game was getting very close . both teams were playing a good game . she put on a little show during half time . he was one of the best players of the game he made the winning shot .
a referee and basketball players looking up at a basketball . two boys playing a competitive game of basketball . a female teenager lies on a gym floor while a person in a mascot costume stands over her with a broom and several cheerleaders watch in the background a man in a green and yellow basketball jersey playing basketball a young man jumping in the air under a basketball net .
the kids grabbed made up 's when they jumped for the ball . the hoop stars made some crazy moves . a fan fell from the top deck and died . the janitor bear cleaned up the mess . the game went on and this dude shot like crazy . he dipped , ducked , dived , and dodged .
two boys in the middle of a jump off for a basketball . a man and another play basketball together on the court a woman in yellow is laying on the ground a basketball players dribbles the ball as spectators look on . the basketball player falls back to ground after attempting to make a slam dunk .
it was the last game of the year . the rivalry between the two teams was intense . both teams were evenly matched . but when [male] saw an opportunity , they took it . and scored the winning point of the game .
a basketball player jump high into the air at a basketball game as the referee looks on . two basketball players battle on the court at a game . a mascot and a girl laying down on the gym floor a young man in uniform carries a basketball down the court . a young woman in a green jersey is playing basketball .
the army line was very long outside . the wall was red and the men were ready for service . when the event started , the men begin to line up . they review the file with the general 's names on it . when the pins were awarded , some soldiers altered their uniforms .
solders muster on the parade ground for inspection several military men marching down a road at a base . a group of soldiers are marching with guns in the street . a group of soldiers do a standing salute . a united states marine is letting a young girl put his rank on .
i finally graduated boot camp today . we did drills all day long . i was getting very tired . afterward we were all graduated . they put some fancy symbols on our uniform .
image of a group of army men who are standing in formation outside of their bunkers . an army platoon , wearing their green camoflage uniforms , marching . military personnel marching in formation with guns at shoulder . soldiers in army green saluting in front of a crowd . a girl fixing the epaulet of a young man 's uniform while he watches .
a military graduation is a special event . the troops marching around the courtyard make a subtle drumming sound you can hear far and wide . it 's quite a ceremony , one that evokes a lot of pride . there was a big turnout for [male] 's ceremony . there were a lot of teary eyes when his girlfriend 's daughter pinned on his new ribbon .
man in army uniforms are standing on the asphalt a group of men in the army marching . many soldiers at a march demonstrating their military skills military members stand and salute in unison at the ceremony . representing my country and all the it stands for .
we had a great view of location location location from our hotel room . we took a picture of our daughter with the park . later at the game we took a family picture . i then took a panorama picture inside . the organization ended up winning the game .
a large structure with a curved roof under a cloudy sky . a woman smiles and leans against a window . a family of four pose for a picture while standing in front of a baseball field . people are in a baseball field watching the game this is a picture of the stats screen at a baseball game , it has numbers and words all over it .
we got to go to the stadium for an organization game . we posed by the window . the family posed by the field . we were very close . the scoreboard could be clearly seen .
large multi story building with curved grey roof . a young woman wearing an orange t-shirt is sitting near a large window on a high floor of a building looking over a city . a family excited for a baseball game pose in-front of the stadium . the baseball arena is filled with many fans . the picture is of the scoreboard for a baseball game
the whole family went to the stadium on thursday . the daughter was especially excited to see the baseball game . it was a good opportunity for them to spend time together and have fun . many people were there at the stadium , and everybody was just as excited as the family . as the scoreboard showed , it was a close game , which made it even more fun to watch .
a very large and intricately designed building with a rolling roof . a young woman in an orange shirt is sitting in front of a large window with a spectacular view of the city . a woman , a man , and two girls posing in front of a baseball stadium . a large baseball stadium filled with a lot of people . a moderately full crowd sits beneath the scoreboard at a baseball game .
today there was a food taste testing ! a featured dish was a salad made of several different kinds of greens . to compliment the salad , a chicken dish was also featured . another vegetable dish to add variation to the testing was available . for dessert : a fruit platter !
and a vast array of food ready to be consumed by people a mixture of leaks and spinach is prepared for dinner . a dish full of chicken is covered in sauce and greens a close up of a salad made up of greens . silver container with fruits inside wrapped in plastic .
the able is ready for the party . first appetizer is fried fish . then we have a noodle salad . there is also the option of a fruit bowl for kids . and finally for desert , coconut cakes .
a buffet style table of various foods and bowls green beans and lettuce in a bowl with tomatoes . some chicken is on a plate with greens green veggies and meat seasoned and all cooked together fruits are sealed in a silver tin with saran wrap
last week i made so much food for the party i was n't sure if everyone was going to be able to finish it . i thought i might have made too much . i was cooking all day . eventually i had to save some of them as leftovers . but everyone finished all of the dessert .
there were a variety of foods in different containers . cooked green vegetables are flavored with red peppers and other spices . shredded chicken with herbs , sauce , and other flavorings the food looks slimy and unappetizing as it sat out . cut cantaloupe , melon , watermelon , and pineapple in a foil tray
i finally tried some time lapse photography . it was a little too foggy . i changed to taking art type pictures . this was a pretty scene . finally i tried a macro shot .
a smiling boy is holding a red frisbee . mushrooms and a leaf laying in the grass . a toddler wearing overalls standing alone in a parking lot . a spider 's nest is woven intricately across many tree branches . the big spider was caught up in a spider web
[male] and i went on a nature walk . i made sure his jacket was on since it is a little bit cold . he said he wanted to bring his frisbee that daddy had bought him . look at the size of this leaf ! it is huge . we saw several this size . we also saw mushrooms . [male] said he was hot , so i took off his jacket . he is such a cutie ! [male] was really interested in the spider and web . i thought the web had a cool design . but , i backed up when i saw the size of this spider . it was so big !
young blond boysmiling and holding red toy a group of mushrooms that are next to the leaf . a little boy putting his hands in in his overalls . there is a large spider web that has been weaved . a spider on its web with an enshrouded fly .
this child was so happy to play outside . he found some mushrooms in the field . all of a sudden he got really scared . he felt something sticky against his hands . it turned out he touched the spiderweb of a hungry spider .
a male toddler stands on the road holding a red floppy disk in his hand . mushrooms growing in the grass next to leaves the little boy standing with his hands in his overalls . close up and enlarged photo of a spider . a spider in a web wrapping up a hornet .
it was time for our yearly party . there were a lot of people there in really weird costumes . this lady was having a really good time and i loved her costume . we had a blast . there was a lot of laughter and joking around . at the end of the night there were some people that were really tired , but others wanted to keep going .
a person in a bee costume sits next to a person in a flower costume . a costume party in someone 's old dark basement . a woman makes an `` o '' face toward another woman . a woman and a man dressed in costumes inside a room . one very strange couple dressed in costumes , one dressed like [female] [male]
the costume party was so much fun . we really got into our characters . playing the parts took a lot of skill . everyone was laughing at the funny antics . after it was over i realized i had n't been wearing my lipstick .
man wearing a flower costume sitting with women in bee costume people at what look like a party having fun a lady making a surprised expression dressed as [female] [male] . two costumed people in a room where one of them is holding fuzzy dice . two people play dress up in a macabre fashion in a small bedroom .
at a costume party , my friends and me dressed up in colorful outfits . as the night went on we started to do a little dancing . i had one friend who wore a wig in her costume . my friend dressed as a sailor met a man wearing green . my two friends in drag consumed many drinks throughout the night .
a group of people that are in their favorite costumes . adults celebrating at indoor event with dancing and music . a person with a wig that is in a white outfit . two people dressed in costume for halloween party the woman in the white dress and wig lies on her back .
location 's outback is not to be compared . many area have never been traveled by humans . this seal does n't seem to have any fear of man . i ca n't believe i was able to get this close to her . i can see her black eyes and the cool air ascending from her breathe . it 's an eerie quietness out here but i love every minute of it . my dog [male] loves it too . he seems quite relaxed . the area is full of walrus and seals . the shots i am able to get are amazing .
a mottled seal on the snow nosing some type of stick or candy . a very cute sea lion lays on the ice in the snow . a man wearing a jacket standing in a snowy field taking a photograph with a camera . the frost on the ground does n't bother this guy at all two seals on a ground of dirty snow .
a seal laying on the ground in the snow . the seal sees the cameraman . the cameraman takes a picture of the seal . a dog looks on at the seal . the seal nuzzles another seal laying on the ground .
a black and white baby seal is on the snow . a seal lays in the snow looking right into the camera . this is a guy taking a picture of someone taking a picture of him a black and white dog laying on snow covered ground the walrus is waiting for a treat to eat .
i was walking along the shore when i spotted a baby seal . it was awesome ! i had to stop and take a picture of it . i tried to hide so that it would n't see me and run away . my dog saw the seal and wanted to approach it . the baby seal eventually crawled over to its parents .
an eel laying around the street with snow young seal lying on snow covered ground in winter . woman taking a picture directly looking across snowy landscape a black and white dog is in a snowy field . seals lying in the sand on a beach .
my sister was excited to use her new camera . she gave it to me to take a group photo . then she took a picture of our brother . then her daughter . she snapped her coloring .
a young and beautiful photographer tries out a [organization] camera . four young women pose for an impromptu selfie style photo . a man wearing a yellow `` lake powell '' hat looks at the camera . a small child is sitting alone while looking down a very young girl colors in her book with a crayon .
i had to take a lot of photos today . everyone wanted a picture taken of them . i had them all pose for the camera . there were also some children there . they were scared to have their picture taken .
a woman is about to take a photograph . four girls are taking a picture in front of a wall and smiling a young man wearing a yellow lake powell hat a girl has a purple jacket on and a earning in her ear . a young child color in a coloring book .
i am so excited to try out my new camera . i took a photo of myself with my three sisters . i also took a photo of my brother in one of his serious moods . i captured a great photo of my young niece while she was thinking . later , i took a photo of her doing her favorite coloring book .
a woman looking through a view finder , taking pictures . a group of four girls sit together and pose . a closeup of a man wearing a yellow baseball cap . a small girl wearing a purple jacket looks down . a little girl is coloring something with a crayon .
a woman visited location , where she saw large cruises approach the tourist hot spots . the architecture of the area and the plants were more tropical in appearance than the rest of the location location . the quirky decorations , such as this flamingo-feathered christmas tree , were an illustration of an area with a unique flavor . the people in the area were easy going . a panoramic shot of a plaza shows the energy and activity of this locale .
a large ship approaching the dock with people on it a white house with a white fence and several trees and bushes . a christmas tree decorated in pink and green a woman standing next to a bicycle is smiling people walk around visiting different vendors in the local square .
the cruise ship look so majestic as it comes in the port . friends are waiting to greet the passengers . the port is all decked out for christmas , including this wonderful tree . this lamp is so cool , i wonder where you find such a thing . any of the passengers would like to get their picture taken professionally certainly have that option here .
a person with grey hair is watching a cruise ship leave . the corner of a street with a white house surrounded by trees and a white fence a green christmas tree on the front porch with pink feathers and green and pink bulbs . two women stop to pet puppies inside the basket of a red bicycle . a shot of an event that a lot of people are at
i went on a cruise last weekend . the ship was enormous . there were also some christmas decorations there . when we were in town we were able to check out some of the shops . i had a great time there .
a boy is looking over the side of a tour boat a white house sits on a corner lot , with tall trees in the front yard . a pink themed decorated christmas tree is in the corner on the porch . children looking at the woman 's puppy in her bicycle basket . people walking around and in line waiting to see what is going on .
my son was excited to go to this first baseball game with his daddy . the two of them had such a great time together at the stadium . the best part of the day for them both was our team winning by a few homeruns ! after the game , he was able to go down on the field and play . he was tired by the end of the day , but it is a day he will remember forever .
a little boy in front of a group of sports spectators is holding a soft drink and a bag of cotton candy . a man and a small boy sitting in the bleachers looking towards the camera . there is a baseball game in progress with a player coming up to bat . a father and son on a baseball field wearing hats . boy with glasses holding a baseball on the grass .
i went to the ball game with my family last week . there were a lot of empty seats in the stands . my dad was sitting next to me the whole time . the game was very close . the players were very good but there was a lot of downtime in between innings .
a kid holds his snacks while at the game a man and boy with [organization] [organization] [organization] hats on sitting in the bleachers of a baseball game with other people in the background . baseball players standing on a baseball diamond during a game in front of a large crowd . man and boy posing with glove inside [location] [location] on the baseball diamond . a little boy wearing orange and red sitting on the green grass ready to throw a ball .
my dad took me to the baseball game because i made good grades . here is me and my dad having a great time . the game was very close here everyone was cheering . my dad took me to the field to take some pictures it was awesome . overall we had a great day at the game , here is the last picture on the field before we left .
a little boy sitting in a stadium smiles as he holds two treats in his hand - cotton candy and a large soft drink . a man is sitting in the stands of a baseball field with his son the players are on the field for this professional baseball game . a man and his son are taking a picture in front of a baseball field a young boy is laying on the grass holding a ball .
the people arrived to get ready for the craft fair . the various merchants set up their booths . the different merchants got together to talk before people began to arrive . even the kids got to make some crafts . everyone is set up and ready for the craft fair .
the sign is describing when the services will begin . sitting there waiting on someone to come over and buy something . a case full of books in a house , books appear to be old a older man with a black hat , mustache and glasses . a man in a top hat has a magic trick on the floor .
the annual victorian craft fair was hosted at the parish church of location location and organization organization again this year . vendors came from all over the state to show off their crafts . there was a large variety of pictures and decor . even mr [male] made an appearance . he brought along one of his bird toys to wow the visitors . everyone always loves him .
outer brick wall with red sign indicating name of church a red table with many cards and memorabilia displayed a box on the ground full of books , man talking to someone wearing glasses and a hat the man is kneeling down looking at some object in motion on the floor .
the local parish holds a craft show each year . lots of folks come out and set up tables to sell their crafts . some of these crafts are very unique and take a lot of talent to make . folks of all ages come out to peruse the crafts for sale . some of the crafters even dress up in unique costumes as part of their selling act .
a sign for a church on a brick wall in white letters a child sits behind a table selling things someone places knick knacks and images that have been in the family for years , into a small container to put away for safe keeping . old man with bushy mustache has his mouth open . a man wearing a top hat kneeling on the floor .
the flowers had come into bloom . the squirrel was hungry , what would he eat ? he saw the purple plant . he decided to go with the yellow flower . oh no , he did n't notice his favorite plant , the red one .
flower buds fight for their lives in the outdoors . a large , fat squirrel with a bushy tail is sitting in a tree eating a nut . a close up of purple flowers and a bee on them a squirrel is sitting on a branch holding a nut . a red fluffy stamen with yellow tips on a flower .
a girl looks at a dying sunflower . she then sees a fat squirrel eating . she looks at purple flowers . but then she goes back to the fat squirrel . she then comes across a flower she did n't see before .
flowers are in the process of blooming into sunflowers a squirrel in a tree eating something that ca n't be seen . a bee is getting nectar and helping to pollinate this plant . a squirrel high in a tree eats a yellow nut a plant is spreading out and is red and yellow .
i went for a walk through the woods yesterday . there were a lot of squirrels watching me . i found some interesting plants while i was out there . the squirrels watched me for hours . the flowers are very beautiful this time of the year .
a close up photograph of a small , yellow and black flower . the squirrel was caught in the act of trying to eat something . the insect was looking for something to eat on the purple flower . squirrel sitting on a branch , holding an acorn . a red and yellow spikey plant growing from a tree .
we wanted to get closer to nature so we took a grass pathway . we got to the shaded area under some trees . a few miles away was a lake that we really enjoyed watching . my friend found this patch of grass . i was really amazed at the complexity of the trees .
a mangy white cat standing on a rock patio . a small colorful butterfly resting in the grass a meadow is surrounded by trees beside a walking trail . the landscape with green grass , creek and bold trees . a stand of dead trees in the middle of a grassy meadow .
pepper found her way home . she went chasing after a butterfly . she chased to the woods . we found her by the water . she has gotten frightened .
white can staring into the distance standing on concrete . red , purple , and brown butterfly sits in grass trees line a grassy sunlit field and a dirt path . looking at some swamp lands with trees in it . many tree stumps are standing and laying in a grass field
there were lots of neat things to take pictures of on our trip to the country . this guy was checking us out . i 've never seen a butterfly like this . is n't it pretty ? the grass was so green from all the rain . there were some trees that had n't gotten their leaves back yet . i thought this deadwood was really beautiful , too , like tall sentinels .
a white furry cat standing on a road a closeup picture of a butterfly that is quite colorful . an open field of green grass surrounded by tall trees . a very green grassy area around a little pond with some bare trees nearby . a fallen tree in the middle of the forest is shown by other dead trees .
i wonderful day for a concert . everyone began filling in . we had our tent set up ready to go . it was like a city just sprung up at once . time for the show to begin , fun !
people gathered on the street celebrating with large red flags around . people sitting in an empty field listening to a band . the crowded camp grounds of a large festival rows of tents are set up in a light wooded section . a festival is going on at the local fairgrounds
people were walking and seeing the flags before going to the open air stadium . they then went back to the tents to socialize with people . the festival continued the next day .
several people walking around at an event under several red banners . a crowd of people gather on the lawn in front of a stage . many tents are pitched outside on dirt gound a large amount of various tents sit among a group of trees . a large crowd is gathered outside in red shirts
we decided to walk to the festival . the crowds had n't quite woken up yet . many were still in their tents , set up by out of towners . there were lots of test in the camping area . but right on time , the crowd was ready to go !
crowds of people walking around a field and red flags on poles people sitting on the ground waiting for the show a group of people that are surrounding the nearby tents . the tents were everywhere as the refugee 's tried to establish somekind of order . large crowd of people standing outside at an event
the committee meeting had a great turnout . [female] was there and i have n't seen her in a year . the professional photographers snapped pictures of everyone . i look happy because the event has good food . the night ended with a beauty pageant and it was very pleasant .
the girls of aveda after doing hair all day long . two woman smiling and sitting near a striped couch . a group of woman that is standing next to a wall . a woman smiles for a picture with a shirt reading `` aveda '' . the girls are standing in line on stage
the stylist team are all smiles after getting the ms location pageant contestants ready to walk the stage . [female] smiles for a photo with ms. [female] toledo for a photo before her walk on stage . four contestants get a quick photo op in before the big walk . [female] takes a quick selfie before taking her seat to watch the beautiful ladies walk . all of the ladies look beautiful thanks to the talented stylist . they walk across the stage proudly as they introduce themselves .
a group of women wearing the same shirt two woman posing for a photo together in a living room four young women in evening dresses strike a pose . a blonde woman is in a black aveda shirt . young women in dresses standing on a stage being judged .
some of the organization workers smile for the camera . a organization worker sitting in front of the camera . a different organization worker pose for the camera with a visitor . the same worker but by herself posing for the camera . four organization workers posing for a picture from a different camera .
women smile for the camera at a commercial convention . two girls are smiling and posing for the picture . four women are dressed up in black dresses . the blonde woman is wearing an [organization] shirt . row of girls standing on a stage in evening gowns .
the groomsmen are gather for the wedding . the bride and groom are now cutting the cake . the bride and groom stand posed happily for wedding pictures . one of the groomsmen want a photo for his memory book . the groomsmen all stand for their memory photo .
a large brownstone castle-type structure stands tall with a clock at its tip . the doors on both classic cars are open . a group of people that are surrounded by the white tent . four men standing in a group for a picture at an event . a bride and groom posing for the camera and waving in a graveyard .
the groom 's party at the wedding . i 'm glad i was a part of it . the cake was n't a giant affair but it was still delicious . the bride and groom then spent some time outside taking pictures with family and friends . my brother was drunk and decided to take photos with a disposable camera . later in the night , we found the groom again and got in one last photo .
a large castle with a clock at the top . a person that is driving a white car . guests stand outside the entrance of an outdoor party tent . a group of young men wearing suits stand and smile together . a bride and a groom are getting their picture taken .
the ceremony was held in a vintage church . they even had classic cars to take them to the reception . the reception was held in a nice tent in the country side . it was a great time for people to hang out and catch up . it also gave the couple an opportunity to have photos taken of their special day .
a very big castle that is standing tall . two vintage rolls [male] cars dressed up for a wedding with the bride and groom sitting in the back seat . a large white tent is set up for an outdoor wedding . a group of well dress men in button up shirts and ties . the couple made their way through the cemetery on this special day
welcome to the tour of the old location location , this way to the conference room . the conference room actually served duel purposes , as the family often dined in here . [male] [male] lived to the ripe of age of 84 , which was considered to be a long life back in his time . [male] was also an serious book collector , and had several libraries . his estate is now considered to be a historical monument .
a building sitting between to leafless trees outside . a tall woman with arm around a shorter woman and both women are wearing black bride and groom dancing together in a darkly lit room . friends hanging out having some drinks and having a good time a group of flowers that are next to each other .
family and friends got together for a small wedding in a beautiful historic building . a bridesmaid happily posed with a guest . the bride and groom shared their first dance . family and friends had a wonderful time at the formal dinner with drinks . beautiful flowers decorated a momentous occasion .
a tan building with white trim and windows with half a circle at the top . two woman pose for a photo in a home . a woman in white is looking at the man . three people smile for the camera and are drinking alcoholic beverages . a large , colorful bouquet of flowers that included daisies and carnations .
this is the chapel we wedded at ! such a happy day , here i was with my new sister in law . this was from the earlier wedding , so much dancing ! here at the dinner we had a blasts ! this was the bouquet i threw into the crowd !
an old church building has a lawn and trees out front . two women having a good time at indoor social gathering . the newly married couple are sharing a dance . these fun people are posing at a celebration gathering . a collection of colorful flowers are assembled in a large arrangement .
the wedding day was finally here . everyone was pretty nervous for it . but surely enough , it came time for the big moment . we finally became man and wife . i was the happiest day of my life .
a winter display of trees in the foreground the women holding the bouquets are gathered around the young girl father walking bride down the aisle at wedding while guest look on a newly married couple poses for a picture . a bride and groom that just got married and are hugging each other
my best friend [male] is getting married . their two kids were bored out their minds . a few hours before the wedding . [male] 's dad was very happy . my mom looking after the baby was cute .
the background trees are displaying a happy announcement . a bride and her bridal party are pictured . a man and a woman in a wedding dress walking down the aisle . on the greatest day of their lives , the joyous couple posed for family after a beautiful wedding , finally presenting themselves as husband and wife . the happy couple are celebrating at their wedding reception .
an invitation to a winter wedding . bride poses with her attendants . father walking the bride down the aisle . a formal picture of the happy couple . candid shot of the bride and groom .
black and white photo of snow covered trees and ground with the words winter wedding above . a bride stands with her brides maids and flower girl . a woman is walked down the aisle of her wedding by a man , she is wearing a white wedding dress and holding flowers as onlookers watch . a bride and groom pose for a picture . a man and woman dressed in white are hugging .
we traveled somewhere we have n't been before . we arrived at our destination . [male] c. curren rests here . another curren member rested here . lastly , a military man 's grave was here .
empty field of green grass , trees and a variety of shubbery . a very small grave sight with a few headstones a tall narrow stone headstone with the name [male] c curren picture of a old grave marker of someone that lived from 1789 to 1923 a world war ii veteran 's grave sits in the cemetery
we went to the gravesite . the walk was peaceful and serene . here 's the first gravestone we found . this gravestone seemed to be carved by hand . this was the nicest looking grave we found .
a bunch of cans scattered across a grassy yard a small graveyard with fake flowers in a wooded area a gravestone that is honoring the person that lays there . a grave head stone for [male] curren who was born july 27th 1879 and died [female] 9th 1923 . a tomb stone indicating who was laid to rest
this is an old cemetery in location . a lot of war veterans are buried here . some headstones are no longer readable . [male] was the last of his family to pass away that was born in the 1800 's . this was his army buddy location .
a grassy area with a few square items on the ground . cemetery burial with spread burial markings , with wild grass gravel and soil around them . one simple tombstone that hold the start and end date of a man that lived a little over half of a century . the head stone is engraved with white lettering . a tombstone with a cross on it with grass in front of it
the local battle of the bands started with some typical vandalism . one of the signal lights was damaged . the bands started playing and this year , they were pretty good . the sound system was pretty terrible though . hundreds of people came for a listen . afterwards , we found some cardboard cutouts and we decided to play some carnival games with them .
people outside of an old brick building in front of a white tent people are standing on a stage performing music friends sit on the ledge of a building , enjoying the night air and a few drinks . people are playing music on a stage in a dark room a street cleaner is cleaning up a dirty street .
nothing like gather for a night concert . the weather is perfect . the guys are performing and the crowd loves it . hey grabbed a photo of some people getting a view of the concert from up high . the guys are doing it up . the crowd is wild tonight . everything is over and the night crew have their work to do .
a group of people lining up under a tent a four person band stands on stage performing a song . five people are standing on the roof of a brick building . five men in a band playing for a crowd . the trucks are attempting to pick up the trash .
there were many stop lights along the way but we finally made it to the concert . they already had a band playing . there was a lot of equipment set up in the street . many people were attending . afterward we all bought some souvenirs .
a tent is set up for a block party in the middle of the street . the lead singer looks cool in his sunglasses as his fellow guitarists keep up with the jam on stage . dark outside and people are on a brick roof a band of four guitar players and one drummer are on a stage a garbage truck is cleaning the streets during the night .
it was the day my boy graduated . i kept the pamphlet that had his name in it . the faculty congratulated my boy on his work . he looked so proud on that stage . i hope that his smile lasts long into his adulthood .
book about school for urban planning and architecture laying on a black surface a list of names on a graduation booklet . a young black man in graduation attire shaking hands . a man in a black gown walks away after receiving a diploma . 1 person in graduation attire and red dress shirt smiling
graduation day is here at last . my name , [male] quiles , is right there . as i received my diploma i realized something very important . i had spent over 3 years in this school , and have a lot of debt . the truth is , i have zero chance of employment .
white school graduation booklet with black letters and yellow outline a special list of students graduating in 2011 in the graduation program . a young man gets his diploma at his graduation ceremony . a graduate carrying his diploma is leaving the stage at the ceremony . a young man in cap and gown looking up .
this was a special graduation ceremony . the young adults here all felt very special . there is a list of the graduates in alphabetical order . this graduate is very proud . he worked hard getting to where he is .
a graduation invitation program for the batch 2011 architect students the graduation program that lists all the graduates . a young man gets his degree and shakes someones hand the graduate is walking off of the stage after accepting the diploma . he had graduated middle school and was ready to move on to high school
the robotics team was working on their project . they had all the parts that they needed . next they just needed to come up with a plan the team could n't agree on anything . so they decided to take a break and get coffee .
students are using laptop computers in the classroom . nails and screws scattered on the floor next to some kind of machine . a teacher writing on a dry erase board in a classroom two guys and a girl sitting in a high school . a type of robot project with four wheels
[male] , [male] and [female] decided to enter the robot building contest . the did some research on the internet . then they started making a plan . they have made part of the bottom of the robot . they 're excited to finish the project .
students work on laptop computers in a classroom . a metal object that has been made by an engineer . a teacher is writing on the white board for his students . the man standing got the girls attention while the boy continue typing on his computer . a classroom has chairs and tools strewn around
this is a class on robotics . this is what the prototype looks like , although unfinished . it was designed by first making a list of components . then they made computer images . when finished , it will compete against others for prizes .
two students are working on computers in a classroom as another student watches . the metal frame has a motor on it and is surrounded by tools . even after he drew the diagrams it was so confusing a girl watches a guy as he stand in the center of the room . a race care being built in the middle of a classroom
the wedding reception was a lot of fun . silliness was around every corner the kids danced the night away . she wanted to wear the silly glasses . the bride and groom were a bit silly as well .
bride in white dress gesturing toward groom at wedding . the pink and white tulips were bound together with pink ribbon . several people sitting around a white covered round table . two men in shirts and ties with cameras hanging from their necks look on . nine women posing for a picture on a staircase .
the wedding last week was beautiful . i brought a lot of flowers for the bride and groom . all of the friends and family were there to show their support . i took a ton of pictures while i was there . everyone was dressed up very nicely .
a bride and groom standing next to a table with their wedding cake . the beautiful flowers are in a wonderful arrangement the party guests are all seated around the table talking . two photographers in white shirts , balding , and wearing glasses . a group of women is dressy clothes line a staircase .
[female] and [male] 's wedding was so much fun . the floral arrangements were so beautiful . the best man gave a great speech . [female] 's dad did a great job with the photography . the family had lots fun posing for pictures .
a bride and groom after cutting the wedding cake . a bunch of colorful flowers tied with a ribbon a group of people gathered around a table for dining two men with cameras around their necks and white shirts . a group of formally dressed women are standing on a staircase and posing for a picture .
everyone brought gifts to the birthday party , but the kids did n't care . they just wanted to play with in the sandbox . the birthday boy cared about the presents though , and the rest of the adults worked on crafting to make the party venue look fantastic .
a young man in glasses is smiling at something . a man is holding a baby while a woman stands behind him . the women are laughing at the humourous entertainment . a group of students sitting around a coffee table discussing papers . group of young adult females seated around table .
i take a moment to prepare for the guests today . the father holds his baby while next to his wife . the girls smile in joy . there were many activities to do . one of them was opening presents . the baby shower presented to be a success .
a man wearing a white shirt and glasses posing for the camera . a man is holding a baby and a woman is looking at the camera . asian females at party laughing at something off frame the people are gathered around the coffee table with books and paper . they sat around and opened presents at the table
today i visited my foster family who were of asian descent . my brother got to hold my baby for the first time . we all enjoyed watching a movie together . and then we did some arts and crafts . my wife looked like she fit right in .
a young man wearing a white t shirt and glasses and smiling at the camera . a man holding his baby with his wife behind him people sitting in a room at a social gathering . a group of asians sit around a coffee table talking and taking notes . a group of women sits at a table working on tasks .
it rained at the capitol today . the protesters still decided to carry on with their mission . various races and religions joined in . a coffin was brought out and a speech was made . they strung up a banner over it as a metaphoric example and backed away .
white building with tall columns and lamp post group of people holding signs in front of the white house . black women sitting down in a crowd , wearing colorful clothing . a group of people with a coffin protest outside the white house protesters requesting that obama keep his promise in regards to aids .
i went to the capitol yesterday . there were many people in the street . it was raining . but they were out protesting anyway . there was also a coffin in the middle of the road .
a monument with pillars and a streetlight in front protest in front of the white house for a specif cause two ladies sitting down , one holding a white rose people are protesting in front of the [location] [location] . a group of people protesting at someone 's funeral
march on location - rallying for hiv medications . we put an empty coffin to represent all of those who recently passed away me and my sister lost loved ones to the virus other friends are rallying around as well . we hope that it made an impact on washingtonians
a building with stone columns is seen through a wet window . aids activists protest in front of the [location] [location] with a coffin . a woman in cultural garb with a head scarf sits on a chair . a funeral taking place in front of the [location] [location] . a protest being conducted outside [organization] [organization] with a coffee
graduation , the president of the class made a speech . then the president of the school spoke . the class listened intently . the class choir sang some songs . my grandparents enjoyed the festivities .
a student giving a presentation at a big lecture hall . a group of people wearing red and white shirts are gathered on a stage . a group of young men sitting together in a room . the kids are practicing their kung foo moves . boys and girls in white and red outfits respectively
i am here to read the challenge propose to the orange team . it reads , `` organization organization organization no one likes you because nothing rhymes with orange . '' oooooooo . those are fighting words . a battles began between the organization organization organization gangs . after hours of dancing nothing still rhymes with orange .
a young girl dressed in black singing into a microphone . a group of people in various outfits giving a performance . a group of students that are in a church . a group of students are showing traditional dance lessons . a group of people in martial arts clothes in front of a stage .
today we attended our son 's graduation from karate class . the students stood silently as the commence began . in the audience were some of the new students who were entering the academy . afterwards , some of the students gave demonstrations of what they had learned . there was even time for some silly dancing . when over , the students all felt proud of their special achievement .
an asian woman in black speaking with a microphone . a person is leading people standing on stands a group of boys and girls in uniforms sitting on chairs . students in a martial arts class practicing together . students in karate type uniforms looking ready to perform routine .
a couple poses for a picture with balloons . behind them is a huge burst of fireworks . a person in the crowd is a holding a smiley face balloon . a bouquet of flowers grows beside the side walk . a huge concert takes place in the background .
purple , pink and white flowers are in front of a tan building . two young people posing in front of a small crowd . a group of young adults posing for the camera while one is holding a six pack of some beverage . kids sitting on steps in their graduation outfits many students awaiting graduation sitting in folding chairs while wearing their robes .
it was a bright and sunny day yesterday . i was so excited because i was graduating . my boyfriend had shown up to support me as well ! . we took a lot of pictures throughout the day . we did n't have much to do while waiting for the ceremony to start . there were tons of people in the stadium after it began .
a small group of purple and white flowers outside a building . two young people are posing near balloons . a group of four people posing with beer in one 's hands . a group of graduates take a picture on the stairs . a large group of students sitting in chairs waiting to graduate
[male] and [female] had their first date today . first they went to see some fireworks , which were beautiful . afterwards [male] bought [female] a balloon . she loved the happy face one ! afterwards the date ended in the most romantic and passionate way ... with a sweet rock concert !
pink , purple and white flowers are blowing in the breeze . a young couple smile for a picture , she holding balloons and he giving a peace sign . there are people who are smiling and celebrating . a group of youths are sitting in a stairwell . large number of people sit and watch the show
going to an interesting asian themed wedding . thankfully [female] translated what was being said . seeing different cultures in action . our best friends , [male] and [female] enjoying the reception . the wedding photos turned out great .
three people stand on stage -- it appears that two of them are getting married . a few people are gathered around a fancy table in a black and white image . a bunch of people gathered at a wedding party a couple is sitting a a table set for a meal . a large open book with wedding pictures sits next to some flowers .
the traditional taiwanese wedding was very interesting it was very impersonal there traditions are not of what i am used to family and friends did have fun and you could buy a picture of the bride and groom
two actors standing in front of a prop and curtains a dinner party with wine glasses all around the table . a group of women each pull strings together . a man and woman seated at a food table with a projecter behind at a wedding . an album book of wedding photos and other decorations sits on top of a table .
i first met the love of my life at a party . we saw a couple hit if off and through mutual friends we grew to love one another . our wedding happened less than a year later . friends told us we were going to fast ... but they welcomed our love regardless .
asian wedding couple standing on stage with hostess a group of people attending a very fancy dinner party . a group of people are standing in a half circle all holding string . a man and woman sit at a table at a wedding or anniversary party . a wedding couple that is featured on a book .
the wedding reception was a blast . i never know what to wear to these kinds of things . seems like everyone was dressed up except me . it was so nice seeing my family and friends . we really got down on the dance floor . the bride really enjoyed herself and it was a beautiful day .
a woman , holding a drink , photobombing a man taking a selfie . two men and a woman are standing outside of a tent there is people standing around smiling and drinking . a couple at a wedding dancing on the dance floor a bride and guests laugh at a wedding .
i went to the park today and found a bunch of people there . they were having some kind of party , so i just went through and started taking a bunch of pictures . i told this guy i was a hired photographer , i do n't think he believed me . i wonder if they 're starting to suspect that i 'm a ginger . they never found out i was a ginger , it was really fun .
a man in a yellow tumblr shirt reaching towards the camera . adults outdoors near tent covering in open area at event . a woman in a blue dress is holding a glass of wine with some other people . a man and a woman are having fun on the dance floor . man and several women dancing at wedding reception
[male] is helping set up a wedding . [female] is the decorator and making sure everything is in it 's place . a few guest are already milling around . after the wedding came the reception . [male] is trying to get the camera positioned to show the cake cutting .
a man standing outdoors , shielding another from camera a woman in a blue dress standing in front of two men . men and women standing outside dressed in nice clothing a group of young adults are dancing underneath a large white tent . the man at the party is taking a selfie .
the graduates were all lined up , ready to finally be done with school . as they walked across the stage , the president of the university handed them their diplomas . finally , they were done . after the ceremony , the graduates ran to find their families so that they could take pictures with them . then , most of them went out to dinner to celebrate their accomplishments .
not all the graduates were happy to finally be leaving the hallowed halls of [location] . a woman walking to receive her diploma in front of a stage full of scholars . group of asian family that are gathered for family gatherings are always a great reason to celebrate the girl is taking a drink of something .
the girl was so excited to finally be able to graduate . then we walked across the stage to receive her diploma . her family was there to celebrate with her . they all stopped to take pictures to remember this day . after that they all sat down to have dinner .
graduates wearing cap and gown and some are smiling . some asian student graduates are walking across a stage past other asians . a family picture with two men and three woman . a group of people take a photo together in front of a concrete wall . a woman is taking a sip of a drink .
graduation was finally here . we are so proud of her . the family was all there . the rest of the family showed up . we celebrated with drinks .
the ladies in pictur are dressed in grduation gowns students are crossing the stage to get their diplomas . a group of people pose together with a recent graduate . a group of friends that are standing next to each other . a close up photo of a woman or a girl drinking something from a cup
she had a quick drink before the show . she was on set waiting for the host . the second guest was still getting her hair done . she had already had a few drinks . her hair was being curled .
the women discuss life on the wooden chairs woman with curlers in her hair making mixed drinks a woman sitting at a table drinking a drink . two men have a conversation while having drinks . a standing man serves alcohol to two women whom are seated .
we sat back before the interview started . we got our hair done . we had chips to snack on . we started our skit . it was great .
three women sitting in chairs having a conversation . a lady with curlers in her hair enjoying a drink at a small bar . a woman showing of her body in her red dress as she holds her glass . two men in the middle of a heated discussion . a man talks to two women sitting at a table .
i went to see a play about relationships . one of the characters was getting drunk while talking about her husband . another character was getting drunk aswell . in another scene the men were sitting down complaing about women . in the last scene one of the husbands approached the wives .
three women are sitting in chairs having a discussion a woman in hot rollers is enjoying a beverage . the lady is holding a drink that is resting on a table with chips and a punch bowl on it . two men sit on lawn chairs indoors with a flower set in the middle of them . two women sitting at a table and a man talk over drinks .
our day at the zoo was fantastic fun1 the flamingos were lined up like sentries . the giraffes ignored us as we walked by . there were beautiful blue birds . some birds had extraordinary head feathers !
a koala is eating a leaf off a tree four flamingos stretching their necks in the sunlight . a up close photo of a giraffe is being displayed . a red and blue bird with an unusually large beak a bird with blue feathers and a red eye sits in a cage .
we had so much fun on our trip to the zoo ! we saw so many animals . my best friend almost passed out from excitement from seeing her favorite animal , the giraffe . the animal species at the zoo were so diverse . it was a very unique place .
a koala bear sits on a branch with his mouth open . four flamingos walk across a sand pit with grass behind . the head of a giraffe is pictured against a backdrop of trees and a thatched roof . beautiful blue and brown bird perched on a limb . a bird is sitting by the window , looking outside .
koala eating leaves . flamingoes standing in a line . giraffe looking for food . a singing bird . a flying bird .
small native bear enjoying snack in tree outdoors . four flamingos standing in a row with a fence and vegetation in the background . the giraffe is standing near a straw covered shelter . a blue bird with a long red beak is sitting on a tree branch . a fancy dark blue bird with beady red eyes which resembles a peacock .
here in location to visit some friends . exploring the world today . what a wonderful place . look at all the flowers and the nice buildings . this looks like an old church . ca n't leave without going to the local swap meet .
the man is serving different kinds of seafood in the street the boy is wearing a backpack and observing a stone . picture of a rare plant in china town a painting of a tall monument has a yellow line above it . a market is crowded with people looking to buy stuff .
the lighthouse was tall and white . there were a lot of people gathered in town . some men were showing demonstrations . some of the areas were really interesting to walk through . in all the stone and gray around , it was nice to see some color .
two men are standing by a table with labelled trays of food on it . a man wearing a backpack and a coat taking a picture of a wall . a blurry close up of some small yellow flowers inside of a pot outside a building . a picture of a rather creepy looking building . a group of people standing outside a store on a busy city sidewalk .
i went on vacation last year . it was a beautiful place . there were a lot of flower stores . the buildings were very old . there were a lot of other tourists there too .
old man selling unrefrigerated seafood from an outdoor table an asian tourist taking pictures a of sign at night . a pot of small yellow flowers under a tall building . the old castle looks like a painted picture . shoppers walk along a market place on a busy city street .
i had so much food to eat yesterday . i went to visit my family . all of the relatives were there . we all had a great time . the dessert was especially good .
mini food that is on display for a massive meal people sitting around a table while a woman cuts meat the friends are all gathered together to celebrate a birthday today . there are two men holding a cake with a candle . a group of people are entertaining each other in a living room .
hu had a party at his parents ' house the other night . there was tons of food , and his mom was anxious that everybody enjoy themselves . everyone had a good time talking and laughing . then , hu 's brother brought out a birthday cake for hu . he lit the candles while people cheered . then everybody dug into the delicious-looking cake .
a table that has many different containers with food on it . the woman wearing the white top is smiling while cutting meat a cake sits on the table with the people gathered around a pair of asian males proudly displays a birthday cake . a group of people gather in front of a tv inside an apartment with a sky view .
a big meal is prepared . everyone pitches in to make the meal and everyone enjoys . the family is together celebrating an occasion . the boys pose with the birthday cake . the family enjoys each other 's company .
people getting different foods from a buffet or pot luck the woman slices the meat at the table happily . a birthday gathering of young , asian people sharing drinks and getting ready to eat cake . two men display a cake with a single candle . a roomful of people eating and watching television with two small dogs .
repairs and renovations were needed for the rv . the inside was fine , however , and was very cozy . in fact , it was very fancy ! but outside needed some tender-loving care . work continues , but is nearing completion !
a man working underneath a new motor home . an adult male hunched over reaching for something an ultra modern room with recessed lighting and a beige carpet on the floor . a bus sits in the shop waiting to be worked on . he worked diligently on the stage presentation that night .
on a tour of an rv manufacturer . here this guy is making the final touches to the front end of this large motorhome . this worker is giving the tour of the inside . he points to some areas that were quality control checked for defects . here is a view from the front of the coach facing the back . it is very spacious . here 's another photo of the entire motorhome showing the open undercarriage compartment space . this guy was taping up the windows to make some final touches to the decals on the side of the motorhome .
bus was broken and the technician is trying to fix the bus a workman bends down near a booth under construction . the inside of a camper with the lights on . a large commercial bus sits in a storage garage . worker preparing canvas at large indoor work area .
i went to visit a friend who runs a luxury vehicle company . i asked to step inside and saw the amazing interior . this is perfect for travel , it comes with all the comforts of home . the outside is nothing compared to the inside . here 's an employee attaching a new detail to the side .
a man working on an rv that is colored black and brown . a man with a shop vac cleaning around a booth seat . the inside of a fancy and shiny recreational vehicle . a large rv that is taken apart and being fixed a man perched on top of a makeshift platform with a roll of tape in his hands next to a brown , partially unrolled tarpuline .
the speaker was excited about his upcoming speech . because he would be speaking on issues that were very important to him . he outlined many important issues . and stressed their importance . he was satisfied with his speech .
a man in a colorful plaid shirt needs a hair cut . a man that is wearing a dress shirt in the office . a man with longer hair standing at a podium . a man with standing in front of a white wall the speaker looks over the audience before starting .
my name is jojo jones . today i 'm gon na talk to you about plastics . now , i am looking at a plastic item . it 's a clock . plastics are all around us .
a man with long hair is wearing a patterned shirt a middle aged man talks with his hands . a man standing at a podium looking up . a man sitting down looking perplexed at someone a man in a checkered shirt looks straight ahead .
mr. green is a teacher at a local high school . mr. green teaches music . mr. green has enjoyed teaching music for over 30 years . mr. green makes sure each of his students thoroughly understands each subject . mr. green 's favorite part of any of his lessons are student questions .
a man against a wall prepares to say something a man in a flannel shirt giving a speach . man in checkered button down shirt behind podium standing next to white board a man in a plaid shirt at a podium speaking . the white man is captured on film mid sentence .
i went to a wedding last night , it was so much fun . i talked and dance with friends all night long . it was such a beautiful ceremony . i 'm so happy for them .
two women are taking a picture with a man in suit in the middle of them . a group of individuals pose for a picture at an event . the man is wearing a gray suit and maroon shirt . a couple of women are sitting at a table together . a fashionable young woman sits in a bright green chair .
i was invited to this dinner by my boss . i had to go so i would n't look bad . that 's him , [male] the lucky bald guy . these are his parents and brother . i honestly do n't know where [male] came from . they were so sweet . this is me getting someone to take a selfie of me . i 'm dressed pretty sharp and wanted to remember it . here is one of [male] 's friends on the right and [female] from accounting on the left . she seems to be enjoying herself . this is [female] , the office secretary . i 've always had a huge crush on her . maybe i 'll ask her out tonight ... . after a few more drinks !
after the meeting the party was awesome with colleagues two men holding drinks flank a smiling woman . an asian man wears a grey suit with a burgundy turtleneck . do woman posing for a picture at dinner party event a sharply dressed woman turns around in her chair to look at the camera .
i had a great time meeting new friends last night at the business party . there were a lot of people that were very nice . some of them were very rich . they all had nice things to say about me . i am glad i attended the party .
a man and 2 women posing for a picture in a restaurant . three people posing for a picture at a gathering . a man of asian ethnic background in a suit posing in front of picture frames . the beautiful ladies at a dining table about to start eating a young woman dressed in black is sitting on a green chair
there was a variety of drinks at the venue . this man in all white was full of energy and dance moves . the party got crazy and there were many people . i brought my friend along to share drinks with us . the screen contained a blue sky and clouds .
a bartender is passing a customer a plastic cup of beer . a man in all white prepares to limbo as people surround him a young woman smiles for a photo as others dance around her on a crowded dance floor . the boy is waiting for the concert to begin . a group of people standing in front of a photo
there was a lot of people at the bar party . we played many games together . we had a great time with everybody . some people were underage . afterward we all went home when it was over .
the man sitting down is grabbing a drink from another man 's hand . hey man who is hula hooping at a party for many people to watch people are dancing and having a good time while this woman takes a picture . a guy in a blue and white striped shirt is standing near a crowd . a group of people are standing in front of projected clouds .
one of the big events of the college year is the organization organization at the big frat . i was there ready to defend my title . however , i got beaten right away by edwardo . i had a great time anyway . there was a huge crowd . some of these kids did n't really look old enough to drink to me , though ! i loved the cloud projections on the wall . when you are intoxicated , they are something else to see .
a man handing someone else beer which is inside a plastic cup . the man in the white outfit tries to dance under a limbo stick . a black haired woman looking confused in a picture . group of young people standing outside together drinking . a group of friends have gathered in front of 3 screens depicting clouds .
our trip to the city was wonderful . we watched ships passed everyday . the bridge was beautiful . we toured a historic light house . the sunset was lovely our last day here .
the view of a city scape at sunset a boat harbor sits primarily empty during dusk . view of the highest part of the bridge . a tall tower with windows is in front of the sun . a couple posing for a picture with the [location] [location] [location] in the background .
the beautiful city of location location can be seen . the location location location is shown over the location location location . the location location location is red . this big tower stands tall . the people stand above the view with the location location location behind them .
a view from high above of a city . the bridge crossed the water during a sunny day . the top of the bridge goes into the sky tower in the park and people wondering around . the [location] [location] [location] appears behind the couple .
location location is a great place to get away to . there are some fantastic views there . we even got to watch the sunrise . it was fun to see all the buildings in the city . this bridge was my favorite place to visit , so magnificant .
the skyview of a large city with water in the background a bridge over a a river at sunset . a yellow tall pole holding ropes in a city a tall monument sits in a plaza surrounded by trees , two people standing on a hill taking a picture with the [location] [location] [location]
this small city sits outside a large mountain range . there is a small window overlooking the town . a small house is located in town and people enjoy visiting it . the town itself is run down and old but has a lot of soul . the building with the tree in front of it is a magistrates building .
against palm trees and positioned at the side of the mountain a lone building stood . an open window trimmed in green in a red building . people gathered around a yellow building with a terra cotta roof the two story building has green shuttered windows and green doors . the city looked beautiful on the warm summer day .
the mountains are seen in the distance behind some beautiful apartments all of us deciding where we are going to eat . we see some painters redoing some buildings . the whole downtown area is being restored . it really looks great after the painters .
mountains loom over a yellow building on a lush hillside . a red clay building with a green window people walk the cobblestone streets as two men sit on a rail below a balcony . a yellow and blue building with green windows . a woman is walking down an empty street .
our hotel was tucked away in the hills , and we had a great view . here in the window to my bedroom . i left it open because i liked hearing the street noises below . this elderly couple could be seen each morning watching passersby . i loved the colors of the buildings . you never see combinations like this back home ! here is the avenue i took each day from the hotel to the train .
a house alone on a grass covered hill an open green and white window on a orange building . the people are resting outside and talking together . the building seemed odd as the doors were on both levels . a city street featuring an orange building , and old architectural white building and colorful storefronts .
my club met for a fun camping trip . we had to do team-building exercises to build trust . carrying the tires was the hardest part . we got to play with the tires afterward . my team did a victory pose and went to eat fish after .
people are in the park for a team building exercise . an image of men that are working on tires a group of people carrying wet tubing on grass . a couple of people are sitting in a raft together five men are caught in the middle of a jump , each holding one arm raised high above them .
teamwork was key . in everything that required more than one . working together to achieve a common goal . the oracle knew that . and these guys were one of the best teams they 'd ever had .
a group of people pose around a zice sign . a group of people are tying rope to wood and tires . the people are carrying many tires on wooden branches . men are riding on a raft made from inner tubes down a river . middle aged men doing something fun yet weird .
at summer camp for grownups , you can do anything the kids do ! we have a river for swimming ... . we do morning calisthenics . we go for bike rides in the country . and our spiritual leader guides us through hula hoop seances .
a group of people are standing outside with signs for [location] and oracle . a group of people tying sticks to tubes outside . a group of men and women moving large black tubes . five young men riding a raft down a brown river . a group of men are jumping up in the air .
despite enjoying the field trip , the day was quite exhausting . we explored different areas , from native habitats to modern caves . the bus ride home was quite boring , considering that i was n't able to see any interesting from the bus window . i did come across this funny poster though . when i arrived home , i did the honor of taking out some cold refreshments .
people walking in a rocky park on a sunny day outdoors . a path travels through a cave , with steps and a curve . a sign describing `` quality '' ( or lack thereof ) cars and trucks . a poster of a road with the words , `` a good place to call home '' . the treats of halloween can vary by household .
we took a trip to the cave to see what all the hype was about . the stairs leading down the cave took 10 minutes to walk . there was a motel next to the cave that we stayed at . my husband thought this welcome mat was very ... welcoming . chilled beers were a great way to end our trip .
people hike along a wooded area in front of a cave . a rock tunnel leads deep down some steps . old sign blue sky telephone pole red neon sign cars & trucks sign a cover has a highway and a catchy title . a pumpkin basket that holds [female] beer bottles .
needed to stop and get gas before continuing on . a lovely small town that is a good place to call home . we are finally here , what natural beauty . another beautiful spot we found while exploring . what a gorgeous place for a picnic in the beauty of nature .
they passed under the archway and entered the cave catacomb like structure with a stair well and hallway . a broken sign that says quality cars & trucks a sign says a good place to call home the trick-or-treat bucket doubles as an ice bucket to keep beverages cold .
the guy friends decided to please their one girl friend and put on a organization movie for movie night . [male] hated it . he could n't stand how girly organization is , so he hid in his t-shirt . [male] was also distressed over this choice of movie and it was obvious in his body language . [male] was pretty indifferent to what they watched , but he was a go with the flow kinda guy . as soon as the movie started , their girl friend fell asleep and they were all super mad that they had to suffer through that awful movie for nothing .
men sitting in the living room watching a movie a man in a reclining chair with his sweater pulled over his head . a man sits in a chair , looking bored . the long haired man set in the blue recliner with his hand together . woman lies on couch in clustered living area of home .
we really had a nice time at the party , but we were all so tired . here is [male] , he was the smart one , he just dropped on the first chair and covered his face and was out like a light . [male] had to sit for a while before he could fall asleep , his ears were still ringing from all the loud noises . [male] was the only one who was n't tired and he would n't shut up so the rest could sleep . his wife [female] must be used to his talking cause she was out as fast as [male] was . they also had the best places to sleep too .
four men are sitting in a living room and starting to watch a movie . person with a blue hoodie pulled over his head a man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a blue chair . a man with long hair and facial hair smiles as he sits in a living room . the tired person crashed on the couch with a kitty on her lap and food remains on the table .
they stayed up late watching television . [male] was exhausted . [male] could n't remember being so tired . [male] was just glad exams were finally over . [female] slept on the sofa .
friends are hanging out about to watch a movie . covered his head with the shirt and now taking a sleep . a man sitting on a chair covered with a blue cloth adult man sitting in chair near television in living room . a person that is laying on top of the couch .
have you ever gone outside and just marveled at birds ? they 're so majestic in the way they act . from sitting still ... ... to flying . they swift through the thin air . despite their small size their boldness stands out . their warriors of the air and i 'll never get tired of studying and watching them .
a soaring eagle spreads its wings in the blue sky . a small grey and brown bird sitting in the grass . a seagull that is flying high in the sky . owl sits atop small post looking out into grassy field area . deep blue sky in background with a flying raptor , perhaps a kite in foreground
this little guy was chirping for a mate . this hawk was on the lookout for some food . this little bird had already found some breakfast . a bird swimming along searching for some food . a shrike prowling the field for some food .
a falcon flying through the air on a cloudless day . a small bird is standing in the grass . a bird is flying with its wings up in the air the small owl looks around while sitting on a post in a field . a majestic bird soars through the skies without a care in the world .
the hawk soared majestically , giving us a sense of awe . this guy was a little more on the cute end of the spectrum . we saw many types of birds over the day . including this one sitting on a post . but it was the birds of prey that really drew attention .
the eagle is soaring through the sky with wings spread open small brown chicken-like bird crouches in the grass on a turtle . a single and flight with wingspan in the act of flying an owl sitting on a road edge post . a hawk is flying through the air with speed .
in the day time , there were n't many cars on the road . we used the bridge to get closer to our home . when we got home , we noticed the room was barren and dry . the buildings were very tall in comparison to me . inside the buildings was cluttered and dimly lit .
the street was beautiful in the springtime as the blue skies and sun shone down . a body of water flows under an old stone bridge . wood buildings on a clear day with slanted shingled roofs . a person holding their foot in the air next to a cathedral . two people talking in a cozy cabin .
when we arrived at the small town , we were ready to explore and enjoy the sights . so many old and interesting buildings , we just didnâ€™t know where to start . i wonder whatâ€™s down this street ? i hope lots of little shops , since i love to shop . we found this old church , i bet itâ€™s been here for hundreds of years . such a beautiful day and iâ€™m enjoying so much , all the sights to see .
small black car and people on bicycles sharing the same road a bridge over a flowing river and a building in the background . the top of a brown and black roof top . a person lifts there leg into the air in front of a large building . people are sitting together in a living room .
we drove our car to the city . the bridge was a long ride . the roof was very well made . this monument was the grandest i have ever seen . we finally got there .
cars , bikers and pedestrians travel down a city street . the water is flowing under the bottom of the bridge . an old , steep sloped roof is under a bright blue sky . an old stone building has a lot of windows . two friends sitting in a dirty , dark apartment while smoking cigarettes .
i took a ride on an airplane the other day . we flew over the mountains . i took some black-and-white pictures . this is close to where we landed . this is the prettiest picture i took .
picturesque view from a mountain top with clouds large blue lake in the middle of mountains a small community below the mountain and there is a small lake scenic snow covered mountain view behind tiny village . a road runs by snow capped mountains on a partly cloudy day .
the climber could n't believe his luck as he reached the first crest and was met with a dark blue sky contracted against white clouds . oh one side of him was a crystal clear lake . on another a small farm just waking up . on his way back down the cliff side he could see his village off in the distance . he was ready to be home . he then said goodbye to the mountain . a least for now .
clouds form below from a mountain view with other mountains . a beautiful , calm blue lake between mountain peaks . the foggy , snow capped mountains overlook a small town below . mountains are tall and covered with some snow at the top the scenic country side with the snow covered mountains
an aspiring photographer went on a trip to the mountains to test out a new camera . he came across many different types of scenery , including a beautiful lake . he tried out different camera modes , including black and white photography . on the journey , he came across an interesting building . he felt it refreshing to walk on the trails alone and capture moments in photography .
the blue sky with clouds covering it and various mountain tops , covered in snow . tree lined mountains under clouds and above water . picturesque mountain village view with mountains and missed an outdoor picture of a small town with a mountain in the background a beautiful panorama shows a road passing through forest with snow-covered peaks just behind .
we had a full day of skiing . the evening moon looks beautiful . my friend enjoys a cigarette outside while we walk to dinner . i keep telling him smoking is bad , but he does n't listen so i just give him this disappointing face . but i always forgive him . we walk towards the lodge for dinner . the rest of our group is already there . we had to fun weekend away .
a dark night clear featuring mountains in the backdrop a man standing and smoking a cigarette with a drink a woman is wearing a beanie in cold weather a lady and a gentleman are standing facing each other the skiers met at this cabin to warm up after skiing
it finally got dark after everyone went hiking in the snow . the guy to a cigarette break . the lady drank some coffee . the couple got cozy after the hike . everyone came together to celebrate their big hike . after they all called it a night .
a night time view of a scenic mountain pass . a man is smoking whlie holding a cup in his hand . a woman wearing a stocking cap holds a cup of hopefully hot liquid . they met at the end of the driveway to exchange bookbags a group of skiers at night watching a musician .
i went to the ski resort last night . it was very dark at night there . the only light was from the lodge . we did some night time skiing . when we got back inside we had a warm espresso .
the moon is rising over the mountains and the village is brightly lit the man is smoking and holding a cup in his hand . woman enjoys a hot beverage in the cold weather two people are near a lighted house in the snow . a mob of people standing around listening to musicians play .
the students prepared for their demonstration downtown tonight . they took their tents out of boxes and started to set them up . then they sat in them . they sat in them all night , while passerby wandered by and wondered what they were up to .
a few men standing on a busy city sidewalk a man is taking down a tent from the pavement between the streets . people and cars fill up the sidewalk and street in a busy city . the group gathered under the tent to look at the stars |the group gathered under the tent to look at the stars women are sitting on the ground with many objects
there were a lot of people sleeping on the street when i went to location location yesterday . there were a lot of tents set up . some of the people let me examine their tents . they were very comfortable . they were ready to spend the night outdoors .
three men stand with bags at the edge of a busy road this is a scene on a sidewalk in a city . the man in the foreground may be drawing a mural on sidewalk . shown is a busy city street with lots of traffic and pedestrians . three people sitting in a tent in an urban setting . the two women sat together eating lunch on the floor as they talked .
this was us in location location preparing for a long wait . i mean long wait camping tents included . we were so lucky to be the first to arrive . we camped all night awaiting apples release of the new iphone . hot dog from street vendor were not the best idea when camping out .
three men stand on the sidewalk in a city ; two of them observe something overhead . a man is kneeling down near a sidewalk a homeless man sleeps in a small tent on the sidewalk of a city . three people sitting in a tent that is outside in the city . two women sit on the ground eating hot dogs
this is a prime example of how hard working ants really are . this monarch is pure beauty . the flowers were in full bloom and beautiful this was a very cool looking flower the swallow was sitting on a branch .
the aunts are carrying leaves across the rope . this butterflies colors are very similar to the famous monarch butterflies . beautiful pink flowers with green leaves and stems a close up of a beautiful tropical flower with a tall stamen . white and brown bird sits on branch looking to the left
this tropical climate was perfect for plants growing everywhere . this butterfly was about to have an interesting day . it had eaten the nectar from this flower first . then it started feeding on this flower . all of a sudden a bird flew down from the sky and ate the butterfly .
ants carrying green leaves while walking up a rope . a butterfly that is on top of a flower bud . vibrant purple flowers protrude from green stems surrounded by leaves . delicate reproductive organs of a pink flower at night . a beautiful bird with a white breast , light brown head and brown spots all over is perching on a branch .
nature can be so beautiful at times . sometimes it does n't even look real . this could be on a postcard . they are so peaceful to look at . yet have so much beauty at the same time .
ants carry leaves as they walk along the rope the black , yellow and orange butterfly is resting on the little flower . bright pink flowers and green leaves on a black background . the flower with a long red tail that comes out of the top . sitting perched on a small limb sits a speckled bird .
the little baby was excited to play with his family members at the reunion . everyone got in line for the food , and then everyone passed around the baby . he even got his uncle to hold him for a little while . great fun and many laughs were had by all .
a lady , with rectangle earings , is holding a baby . a man is holding a boy with both wearing striped shirts the ladty at the back is dressed in a green blouse the baby was nuzzled and fell asleep in her mother 's arms . a pot sits on a plate over a flame .
[male] [male] had a family that cared for him deeply . his father already set up a trust fund in [male] 's name . a weekend family party is a regular thing for [male] 's family . he fell asleep in his aunt 's arms . the final treat of the night was a fondue dish .
a woman holding a baby and talking . the man in glasses is holding a small baby . women talking in a kitchen while getting food . a dark haired woman holds a small sleeping child . a bowl over a fire on a plate
[male] [male] came home after two weeks in the hospital we were so happy he was all better . we were so excited we decided to throw a welcome home party for him . aunt [female] sang to [male] . uncle rob tried to get [male] to pose for a picture but he was too interested in other things that were going on in the room . like [female] 's laugh that everyone finds so annoying .
a woman holding a child in her arms . a man holding a small child with wide eyes . ladies getting some food which looks to be some sort of casserole . a black and white photo of a woman holding a baby . a candle is burning under to food to keep it warm .
everyone came out for the art display there were so many different exhibits we were given a tour by the woman in charge her favorite were these collection of prints we all then had our picture taken outside as we stared at the beauty
a group of people sitting around an executive table a receptionist is typing in an office with glass walls . the futuristic television has the attention of the men . pictures hung neatly on a wall will see the below people are standing in front of the building entrance on an icy sidewalk .
everyone came to the conference last week . there were many slide presentations . i waited for the event to finish . when it was time to leave i packed my things . i said goodbye and left quickly .
a group of people seated in a conference room with a long black table . a lady in an orange suite is working at her desk . man pointing at large television screen showing another man something while a woman in red jacket smiles at camera the wall is white with pictures hanging on it the people are standing outside of the building , waiting to go inside .
before the start of the day , the team met to discuss upcoming goals . the president of the company gave a presentation . later , the group head out to put their new goals into practice . visitors from a collaborating company came to see what was new in the firm . a tour of the business was given to help welcome the newcomers on board .
adults gathered at conference table during meeting indoors . people are sitting at desks in an office three adults stand in front of an outdoor television screen . a gallery of pictures and pamphlets decorate a waiting room . a group of people waiting out on a snowy sidewalk .
this is a historic monument in a historic town . the area is rural and has kept its natural beauty . most of the houses are very nice with spacious yards . some have very square designs with flowers and decor . others have slanted roofs much like a triangle . it is very nice to see the diversity in older architecture .
the woman is sitting on the blanket on the lawn . a nice , brick house sits in a yard surrounded by trees . a covered patio with a view of the tall trees in the distance a big two story house surrounded by a lush green yard . this beautiful home features it 's own tower and chimney
after we spent our afternoon at the park we decided to walk back home . we saw a lot of interesting houses along the way . some of them were enormous . after a few minutes we were almost there . finally we arrived and we made some dinner .
several people sit on the ground in a park near some trees . the front yard of a two-story red brick and yellow house that has two trees in it . the swing set looked inviting to all the visitor that saw it . a large beautiful home with an extravagant lawn . a large old house is shown with bushes in the front and a spacious porch .
the neighborhood where they were house hunting was perfect . there were lots of beautiful houses . one of the best features of one was a huge covered porch . all of the houses were spacious . some had unique architecture designs .
a cute blonde woman sits in a park with a book a brick house with some trees in front this is a picture of a porch with a table and swing . a picture of a historical home inside of a city . a tall green house that looks at the street .
there was a huge `` american day '' at school today . everyone came to visit . even parents decided to show up ! ms. [female] was able to teach some adults the proper way to be an american . while mr. [male] discussed his value of being american . it was very nice to have mr. chang give us the final announcements for `` [female] day '' .
adults stand at a table filled with books at a very patriotic event . a cardboard cutout of [location] president barack obama is standing in the corner of a room decorated with [location] flags while several men and women talk and look over tables of books . a woman is showing a magazine to a class of women . a lecturer stands at a podium in front of an audience . a professer gives a group of students a lecture .
the people who work for the county recorder 's are a dedicated bunch and very patriotic . they go to classrooms and educate people on the importance of voting and on the history of voting in location , but there most important job is to educate the volunteers for the polling places .
the book fair is not quite packed with attendees . a lot of people have showed up for the campaign to see who to vote for . a woman stands near the front of a class and holds up a blue book . man giving a speech to students in a class . the man in the black tie is teaching a class at the [organization] .
the conference held a book store as well . you can purchase patriotic books . some of the authors were present . the speakers took turns talking about issues . they took questions afterwards .
people browsing book recommendations at store in building people mill about in a large room bedecked with [location] flags . one woman is sitting behind a desk while another woman is holding a book and giving a presentation in front of an audience . a grown up man standing in front of students sitting on desks a man addresses a classroom full of young adults .
there was no reason not to start our morning out hard-core . it felt better painting the snow than the walls . red really seemed to stick out against the snow . some people are probably going to be really worried before they realize it 's just on the snow . it was a fun day with a lot of fun snow graffiti .
a pile of snow with a black skull design there is snow on a wall and there is graffiti spray painted in the snow and on the wall . written in the snow outside of the train station a vehicle is covered fully in some snow . soap and graffiti art all over a room
someone was getting very creative with graffiti in the snow . is that french ? it was everywhere on this block . funny saying about the white powder . and a cartoon character on this car . this must be the graffiti artist 's tag . it was definitely a surprise .
a black drawing is seen in the white snow . condescending text written in the snow of a city bus stop a french warning with red letters warns that rails are prohibited . a car is buried in snow in a parking lot . someone has initials in the snow on the hood of the car . some type of graffiti spray-painted in the snow
some taggers got creative and spraypainted the snowdrifts . some messages were political . some messages were ironic . others were just tags . obvious there was more than one . what a cool idea !
a skull spray-painted on top of plowed snow . it was a cold winter and you can see people writing on the snow . a warning sign in a foreign language and written in red is in the snow . car snowed in on with graffiti on its hood . a machine buried and surrounded by snow displaying some graffitti on the snow .
step right up , step right up , glad to help ya . vendors were hawking their wares . it was hard to tell what some things were but people will buy strange things . pet rocks for instance . he had come up with the idea .
the man is pointing out something on the piece of paper to the woman . a young girl sawing a piece of wood with help from a male . people gathered at a long table looking at a screen . people in a room with grey carpet and a young boy touching a table a man in a brown hat standing behind a podium .
each year i enjoy going to the exploratorium workshop . it 's a family oriented event , with plenty of things for kids to see and do . my favorite area is the woodworking display . they show you how to make many nice items with wood . there are also many interesting guest speakers at the event .
a middle-aged man assisting a younger couple at an outdoor event . a man is helping a small child cut wood . a group of people identifying and studying artifacts and fossils . several adults and a few kids play in a room of wood . a man standing at a podium with a microphone in front of him .
the career festival was a good opportunity for many people to find a new job . there were over 100 companies that had set up booths . some offered hands on training . others showed demonstrations of what they did . there were also presidents from some of the companies who gave speeches .
man behind a table with a drill handing a woman a paper . a girl saws a board while a man holds it steady . four people standing near a table with craft items on it a group of individuals are building a large display . a man is talking to a crowd at an event .
travel by train to the vineyard . you will enjoy luxury dining in the all new dinning car . there is also wine tasting on board . enjoy your favorite glass of chardonnay . a glimpse of beauty through through one the large windows .
people are crowded in the hallway of a train car . empty tables and chairs set up for dinner in a luxurious theme . multiple types of wine lined up in a row wine glasses and decanters on a table in a window . a person drinks a glass of wine in a restaurant .
my friends and i went on a trip by train . while on the train , we decided to go to the dinning car . in the dinning car , they had a wonderful selection of local wines . we each grabbed our glasses and the wine we wanted and sit down to all have wine together . that train ride was so much fun !
the people are standing in a narrow bus railroad dining car in old style with ornate table settings . collection of glass bottles displayed on a showroom table . wine glasses and vases displayed on a table and window ledge with a river and trees view out of the window . a group sitting at table together drinking glasses of champagne .
this was my favorite bottle of wine we encountered this is the room where we had our wine tasting experience there was a shelf filled with some of the best wines they had to offer everybody was enjoying their drinks there was a beautiful view from outside the window
people standing on a bus , females and males of varying ages long rows of small tables line a nice restaurant . bottles of wine are lined up on a bar counter empty wine glasses are collected on a table a man drinks champagne while sitting at dinner table others .
i went down the street last weekend . there was a tsunami warning issued . i decided to hang around . there were not many people outside . a camera man wanted to ask me why i was still there .
a truck is passing a blue car on a street the sign is to advise people about a tsunami evacuation area part of the entry way to this bar and grill is boarded up . a street corner with boarded up windows is shown near the coast . lady is being recorded with a high resolution camera .
we sped into the city and made a quick right turn . we were trying to get away from the hurricane as fast as possible . the buildings were all boarded up . even the store on the corner ! even with the impending storm , some refused to leave and were going to ride it out .
the truck is driving over the cross walk and the light is red . a sign signifies leaving a tsunami evacuation zone for travelers . a boarded entrance to a bar and grill . a boarded up building on the corner of a street . she looked into the camera intently with her story .
the storm meant many people were leaving . the evacuation route was clearly marked . some people stayed behind . they boarded up their windows in an effort to hunker down . other people had to stay to keep order .
a pick up truck is turning onto the street in front of an suv . a low angle view of a tsunami sign . a sign directs customers at a stand selling food . one of the windows and the entrance are boarded up on the lower floor . a woman being filmed by a video camera
i put a lot of bacon on the turkey . i had to cook it for many hours . i also made sure to have some vegetables . i also included some citrus . the turkey turned out great !
a bacon wrapped turkey on a metal baking sheet and rack . a cooked chicken sits in a roasting pan . the lettuce is laid out on the plate romaine lettuce leaves are nestled with orange slices on a platter . someone is cutting turkey breast with a sharp on a cutting board .
we covered the turkey in bacon and put it in the oven . it came out perfect . we added some lettuce to the plate with orange slices on top . then we cut the turkey up to serve .
bacon slices are lay on top of a cooked bird . a close up picture of some kind of meat with bacon around it . [organization] [organization] lettuce leaves are displayed on a plate . a bunch of romaine lettuce is spread out a man is using a knife to slice up chicken .
[female] found a recipe for a roast chicken wrapped in bacon . the chicken was so tender that it fell off the bone . she decided to pair it with some romaine . orange slices give the romaine a nice tangy taste . now it 's time to enjoy the meal .
the turkey is wrapped with bacon and is ready to serve a turkey has been cooked with some bacon on it six large stalks of romaine lettuce sitting on a white plate a plate line with lettuce a orange slices . a person is cutting up turkey with a big knife
the lanterns lit up the dark night . there we 're several intricate lanterns . many of the lanterns showed very well at night time . my lantern was spooky and ghoulish . i used my smartphone to take a gallery of photos .
a photo that is no longer available on flickr . no picture showed up - says image no longer available . flickr error stating that the photo is no longer avaliable ... this photo is no longer available , nothing to see . no photo to write about as this is blank .
we decided to go all out with pumpkin carving this past halloween . this was suppose to turn out to be a tree . it turned out alright ! of course you have to have a basic scary face . the basic essential of all pumpkin carving designs . and you ca n't just have one ! we really had the halloween fever last year . the fun thing about carving is the unlimited designs you can do . from basic designs to ones with one eye and a lightning bolt for the other ... . i ca n't wait to carve again for this upcoming year .
this photo is no longer available is what it says . the flickr photo did not load because it is no longer available . this photo is no longer available error message . this picture says this phot is no longer available this photo is no longer availible cant see
halloween was fast approaching . the family decided to go to the location location location . jack-o-lanterns everywhere in beautiful and scary designs . some simple some intricate . they never saw so many pumpkins !
this photo is no longer available from flickr this photo is no longer available on this flickr page . there is no image available , this photo is no longer available there is not photo `` this photo is no longer available '' . `` this photo is no longer available '' is what it says with no pic.l
the national newspaper museum contains a great many famous articles . this includes pieces written from the start of wwii . famous writings from many historical periods make up the collection . a visitor is invited to view and read these pieces as they originally appeared . it is a worthy destination for any lover of history or newspapers .
the graduates memorabilia is protected behind the glass case . a collection of items on display that are dedicated to celebrating 90 years of women . a group of newspaper clippings are displayed . newspaper clippings and important documentation are arranged on a poster . a bulletin board covered in old newspaper articles
here are some of the historical archives of a great war hero . there are many articles written about sergeant goodfellow . i like the articles about his heroic efforts at war and at home . sergeant goodfellow helped many people in his short life . when i grow up i want to be just like sergeant goodfellow .
a display for a high school student in a case the shirt is red and states celebrating 90 years of women . four written documents make up the display for the show . an exhibit of several different newpaper articles and photos a poster displays preserved news articles with the title , `` sticking with tradition . ''
there were a lot of cool things at the museum . the had so many different pieces of paper . some of them were diplomas . i saw some rare shirts . it was a lot of fun .
a glass displaying case showing accomplishments of a person . a t-shirt and laminated newspaper articles on feminism a museum display of old newspaper articles with details . a display of many framed items all hanging on a wall . a board with artifacts and pictures is up on the wall .
this is a memorial to our fallen soldiers . my brother [male] is buried here . today was the anniversary of his funeral . jospeh had a friend named [male] . [male] was buried here also . this is very sad . jospeh and [male] worked with a dog named blackie . blackie was buried along side them . [male] washington overlooks this cemetery . he was also buried here .
a large stone monument with something that is engraved on it an american flag is planted near a grave marker . the graveyard marker is for a woman that died long ago . a soldier 's memorial who died on [female] 4 , 1925 . a statue of a man next to a large tree in the middle of a graveyard .
i went to visit the cemetery yesterday to pay my respects . i planted the flag in one of the graves of the soldiers that gave their lives for the freedom of this country . night started to fall . at night the statues at the cemetery become slightly creepy . i decided to leave before it got darker .
monument inscribed with swords and names and smaller plaques an american flag at the grave stone of someone and a star an of a head stone for [female] steele a flag over a small tombstone in a cemetery . a statue stands next to a bare tree on a cloudy day
we visited a very special cemetery today . there were many old headstones . there were some very unique headstones . there were a lot of service members buried there . there were some headstones with statues on them .
large engraved stone structure loom above for all to see . an american flag is left at the grave of an individual . an old tombstone is a reminder of a life once lived , in white marble . a flag is in the ground next to a head stone a statue with a leafless tree and dark cloudy sky in the background .
the costume party we went to was great ! there was a group who dressed as ninja turtles . one guy came as organization organization . there were tons of fairies and princesses at the party . everyone had fun partying and drinking .
dog stands next to chair in outdoor patio area . the men are dressed up as teenage mutant ninja turtles . a couple posing together in costume on halloween a small dog stands in front of the door intently . two of three women standing in a kitchen are dressed in costumes .
i 've always felt like halloween should be for kids , but a guy at my work invited me to his adult halloween party this year . i was truly surprised how much people did it up . i ca n't imagine adults making ninja turtle costumes . my friend did an [male] powers thing . he said it made all the woman randy . i have to admit it was fun seeing women in their costumes . and there was a good deal of beer flowing freely , which made me a little more into the whole thing !
a dog that is standing on top of the ground . four people dressed as teenage mutant ninja turtles . the two couple are both dressed to impress for the costume party . a black , tan and white dog is looking directly into the camera with its ears perked up . a woman in a blue and white dress is standing near two other women .
the dog was n't prepared for what was about to happen that night . there were giant turtles everywhere ! horrible monsters and cute princesses . the house was full of weirdness . what surprised him the most though was seeing [female] . yes , that [female] . the one from wonderland .
a small dog standing on the pavement next to a chair four guys dresssed up as the teenage mutant ninja tutles people dressed up in costumes standing by the door . tan and black dog standing in front of white door ladies dressed in costumes ready for a halloween party .
the diner was furnished and lit . inside the studio , some bikes were parked . this man wore a very interesting trench coat . the sculpture was a very nice and tall . the blue ocean was lovely .
a casual restaurant with several different parties eating . row of bicycles parked on sidewalk outside of local business . a man with glasses that is looking at the posters . a collection of items that are used by an artist . a part of the street that was spray painted blue , green , and yellow
the small cafe next to gallery is where i ate almost every night . while a lot of work had been completed for the grand opening , there was still more to do . that also included trying to figure out how to display some of the artwork . and making sure that our space was as organized as possible . which also meant that some things would just have to be stuck in a corner .
a group of people that are eating inside of a restaurant . a row of bicycles set up outside a building with two colorful windows . a man staring at an empty whiteboard that is propped on a shelf . a group of cardboard boxes and figurines and posters the corner of a colorful section of the sidewalk . the colors are green , blue , and yellow .
the art convention has begun . special backgrounds is the focus . brainstorming is an effective technique to generate ideas . odd shapes are often right in front of us if we choose to notice . mixing colors is inspiring .
three couples at a restaurant eating under bright lights . on a rainy night , bicycles are parked in front of a stained glass window . man looks at white form in front of walls an artist 's workstation is full of his creations . an area of cement that is colored green , yellow and bluish .
penelope had the cutest smile when i took her photo . the girls looked so lovely in their dresses . the cake did n't cost much but it tasted great . franky had a little suit that really suited him . yessenia made a funny face when she held the flowers .
a little girl that is smiling for the camera . a bride and her bridemades posing for a wedding picture a line of people takes items off a buffet table with fruit and candles . a bride is posing with several children in formal wear . a couple on their wedding day with the man watching her .
everyone was really excited for the wedding today . they were all dressed so nice . we had the entire event catered . all of the family members were there . the new couple had a lovely time .
the little girl is in a hot pink dress with hot pink and orange flowers in her hair . the bride is in white and the bridesmaids in hot pink . the guests are gathering their food from the buffet . a bride and the younger portion of a wedding party gather and pose for a photograph . a beautiful women and her new husband standing together on their wedding day .
the flower girl was really excited for the wedding . the bride and bridesmaids all lined up and looking beautiful . the newly married couple making the first cut into their cake . this little guy loved being the ring bearer . you could tell how happy the bride was to be married .
a little girl in a pink dress has a flower crown on her head . a bride and her bridesmaids are posed together . people are going through the line of a buffet . woman standing around children dressed formally together . a bridge and group are under a tent at their reception .
there is a display of many flowers to choose from at so many different color and type . many different bowls which contain different type of vegetables such as tomatoes , pepper and other vegetables . the crowd enjoying their shopping with so many items to choose from . many tables and chairs for sitting outside and enjoy a snack . there is a man standing in front of the display section .
many different types of flowers are for sale at a market . seven different types of vegetableas and fruit in a row many people are shopping for food in a crowded market . this is an eating area with people eating a local confectionery shop that serves food near the street .
it was a great day to go shopping outside . we wanted to get some groceries for the week we decided to go to a farmer 's market for the food . they had so much to choose from . we wound up getting a lot of fruits for the upcoming week .
a beautiful display of flowers for sale at an outdoor stand in a market . assorted vegetables and fruits in bowls displayed on ground . numerous asian people at a large indoor vendor market the outdoor dining area is busy with patrons . a woman is looking inside a bakery in a vacant area .
when we were in location we got to go to the local farmer 's market . there were many local farmers selling all sorts or fruits and vegetables . some vendors had meats and cheeses and fresh fish . we had lunch at the market 's open air restaurant . after lunch , we found a small candy shop and got some dessert .
a person is looking at flowers that have been displayed at the flower shop assorted fruits and spices are displayed on the ground in bowls . a bustling asian market filled with people purchasing food . each table at the courtyard has colorful orange chairs . an asian confectionery shop selling its goods in the city
the tourists took a day trip to the organization organization organization organization , a historic landmark . they got to see an old fashioned well that is on the property . the property is located right on the banks of the gorgeous bay . there are lots of historic landmarks throughout the property . as you can see , these buildings are very old . this is [male] hawthorne 's birth house and was built in 1750 !
a sign that is front of a building , with snow on the ground . a man is standing in front of a well under an arbor . a blond female standing in a coat outside a building the house sign indicates it is number 1682 . dock with the view of a speed boat on the middle of the river .
the couple visited the house of the location location . there were all kinds of neat things there like this well . there was a beautiful view of the dock . you could even take a tour of the property if you were willing to pay . it was a nice place with a great deal of history .
sign in front of a red building , snow is on the ground . the white man has black jacket and blue jeans . woman with strawberry blonde hair walking along cobblestone path a plaque introduces the [location] [location] , built in 1682 . a long dock meets the harbor water on a lake .
here is the famous house of the seven gables sign . the man next to the well on a cold day . a flattering picture of the female outside during the visit . the sign of the hooper hathaway house since 1862 . the dock outside near the water on an overcast day .
the sign read the house of seven gables with an arrow pointing in the right direction . a man stands near a water well with his hand resting on it as he poses for a photo the woman is standing and looking back in a black jacket . hooper hathaway house 1682 sign on a building . a pier juts into a body of water as seagulls float by .
it was going to flood soon . it was explained how they were going to mitigate the flooding . people volunteered to put up sandbags . they set up a line to keep the bags moving . a lot of sandbags had to be put out .
the military council listened as a non-military man spoke . a bunch of people standing in a snowy driveway outside a home . the soldiers are policing the neighborhood and getting rid of trash . a man wearing a reflective vest directs traffic . a group of soldiers and other men are helping each other move bags .
there was a high risk of flooding in the area so the local organization organization met with town officials to plan a response . local residents watched excitedly as the barriers were set-up . everyone worked together to place the sandbags . it required a lot of coordination to get all the materials in place . it was a serious job but doing it right meant we could all start to lighten up a little .
some men with a military background are taking part in an inquiry . a group of people standing in front of a garage . a man in military clothing hands a woman a yellow bag man in lime green and grey vest , black gloves , cap , and long sleeve sweater . standing with arms and hands stretched out . a group of soldiers hold bags with citizens .
a devastating hurricane has ruined a lot of homes in location . relief efforts are being discussed carefully by members of the armed forces and some community volunteers . the relief team captain talks about their efforts to make sure that everyone gets the relief they need and that no one gets left out . civilian volunteers enjoy devoting their time for a cause . helping each other does do great things . food and medicine successfully reached the victims of the calamity .
military and press conference type setting focusing on two military officials and a gentleman in a blue dress shirt . two men discuss something outside the camera 's view . a soldier helping a lady lay sandbags in the winter snow . a military man directs traffic outside during the holidays . soldiers dressed in their uniforms collect white bags of unknown substances
grandfather always wanted his funeral on horse and buggy . here is 1 of his friends . he will be missed . taking pictures with his friend . carrying his to his horse and carriage ride to the cemetary . on the way to the cemetary .
two men are standing in front of a wagon hitched to two horses with a driver on it . a group is standing outside to be photographed with an elderly man . the men are rolling a casket outside at a funeral . a green wagon with gray bars and red wheels with people lined up to it . several men on horseback wearing cowboy hats behind a carriage
a horse drawn wagon prepares to assist in a western themed funeral . the family of the deceased takes a group photo at the funeral home . the casket is rolled out of the funeral home . the casket it loaded onto the old wagon . horses replace cars as the funeral procession travels down the street .
two large horses pulling a green wagon with red wheels . a group of people posing for a photograph in front of some buildings the casket is being pulled by men dressed up . the wagon had lost its cover but they were still going to use it group of people on horses travelling down street with cars
we had an old fashioned funeral for our grandmother today . here is a picture of the whole family . my dad and brother helped carry the casket along . we loaded it into the wagon . some of our family road on horses along with her .
two men chat as horses stand in front of them carrying a wagon with one passenger . a family photo with a center subject , a man in a red wheelchair several men with cowboy hats on watching a casket being transported down a sidewalk area . a green wagon that holds many people and objects . several men on horseback and a horsedrawn buggy follow a line of cars down a road .
the sifewalked was painted . the flowers were very tall and beautiful . pumpkins rested on the balcony . it took a lot of work to get our creations on the roof . this pumpkin won the competition .
the logo of the [location] [location] is built into the ground tiles in a public plaza . a close up of yellow flowers located inside [location] [location] . an sign on a building that says [male] 's restaurant . the pumpkins have faces drawn on them sitting on top of the building a carved pumpkin is on top of the roof .
we took a trip to the magic kingdom . organization presents its visitors with a an assortment of flowers . we went to [male] 's restaurant to recharge our energy for the day . here are 4 pumpkins that are carved with smirks on their faces . like the carving on the pumpkin , we had to fly away to our destination .
a grey tiled area with a castle and `` magic kingdom '' on it . bright yellow flowers stand in the forground , with a large building looming behind . pumpkins above a sign for [male] 's resturant in town square four pumpkins that are carved setting on top of a structure . a witch on a broomstick has been carved into the pumpkin .
going to the magic kingdom today for halloween festival ! such a beautiful view ! i love it here ! cute pumpkins above [male] 's restaurant this place is the best ! look at these pumpkins with facial expressions ! my favorite pumpkin of them all ! the witch pumpkin !
an emblem on the ground that says [location] [location] . a building a racetrack behind extensive landscaping and decorum . a couple of pumpkins are above a sign four pumpkins decorated and with different expressions on there faces a witch flies in this photo of an elaborately carved [male] o lantern .
hank and [female] 's new years eve party in 1999 was a blast . we were waiting for 2000 and wondering if y2k would hit . but everyone was having such a good time , they forgot about the doom and gloom . [female] and [female] had a good time . and so did [female] and jen . though i think jen was wasted by midnight .
a couple are posing for a photo wearing hats . a woman is wearing a large pair of new year 's eve glasses for the year 2000 . a group of girls having fun while dancing the women enjoy a laugh at the table two women dressed up , smiling and having fun wearing new years eve crowns .
the year 2000 was on its way , so a group of friends decided to welcome it with a party . they filled their cups with beer and put on some new year gear . excitement built as midnight approached and the friends talked and danced . at 11:59 pm it was time to gather around and count down to the new year together . after midnight , everybody felt tired and giddy . the year 2000 was off to a good start !
the man and woman pose together for the camera two women stand in a kitchen , one of whom is wearing novelty glasses which say `` 2000 . '' five women dance and enjoy themselves at a party . two women sitting next to each other with new year hats on . two young women posing for a picture and celebrating new years .
a couple of the guest arrived and posed they have very stylish hats . inside the house , the celebration begins . the food and drinks can be seen . the party ramps up . everyone is having a good time . the host wearing the green hat poses for a photo with her friend . the host now poses with a different friend .
a man and women dressed up posed together for a photo . a woman in gag glasses stands at a kitchen island . five girls in a room with yellow walls and white trim . the woman in blue is looking at the woman wearing the green hat . two young woman pose near a window wearing holiday hats .
the fundraiser started off slowly , with just a few people coming to it . as the day wore on , the treats came out for the children . there was face painting as well . some children wanted some interesting face paints , like the little boy who wanted to be a tiger . then the bouncy castle came out and all the kids ran into it , especially the boys .
children dressed in teal congregate around a table on the blacktop . a girl sitting behind a table with a yellow cloth and lollipops . a little girl gets a ladybug painted on her face . a little baby whose face is painted like a tiger white boys play and pose for a picture inside a jumping balloon .
the local fair was so much fun ! there was free face painting for the children . this boy had his face painted like a cat . lots of kids played in the moon bounce . a group of children sat in a vehicle , on display from the local car dealership .
this is a group of people gathering for some kind of event . a young girl with a sucker in her mouth next to a yellow box . young girl with a pained expression receiving a ladybug facepaint . a baby with blonde hair has a painted face . children playing outdoors in a bouncy house
the table had ladies in green shirts and girls selling candy . they were painting faces in many different designs and they also had a bouncy house .
several children in matching blue shirts congregate around folding tables outdoors . a little red headed girl has a cardboard box that 's been painted bright yellow and has lollipops stuck in it . a woman painting a ladybug on a girl 's cheek . a baby that has his face painted like a tiger . a group of children playing in a bounce house
today we 're having our annual high school parade . everyone will attend , this is the boy scouts alumni . here comes our high school band , best in town . these are our famous drummers , they are very good . here are our speakers for this years parade .
a police man is resting on a road block sign . 7 men marching down a street wearing military attire and holding flags and guns . a high school marching band is in a parade . the band is playing the drums with brown sticks a man at a podium with soldiers in uniform in the background
the security guards made sure the streets in the town were clear for the parade to begin . veterans walked in groups based on the military force that they were apart of . as the sound of the snare drums went off , the commander general began to make it appearance . it was easy to tell that he was impressed about the special event for veterans day .
a police officer sitting on a yellow barricade in the middle of a street . war veterans holding flags and guns march in a parade line . a marching band is marching through a city street . picture of drumline and 3 snares with drum sticks . everyone gathers around to participate in a reenactment .
the mayor announcing the guest speaker . the streets were completely block . presentation of arms . the american legion playing drums . the girl scout walking in the parade .
a police officer is sitting on a roadbloack war veterans marching down the road in their uniforms . marching band in black and white uniforms marching in a parade . a line of drummers in a marching band plays the drums . a middle aged man standing at a wooden podium and staring off to the left
while playing ice hockey , one man skates by an orange cone with the puck . the player takes the puck and is skating with it . now another player has the puck and the goalie watches as he begins to hit the puck his direction . the player is aiming the puck to the goal . the goalie is ready to block the puck as the other player takes his shot .
a man in control of the puck during a hockey game two people that are competing in a race . two teams playing hockey with the red team about to score on the green team . hockey player in red about to hit a slap shot at a goalie in green while a few onlookers watch . hockey player in red trying to score a goal .
cleaning the ice . about to start the game . practicing through the cones . making a shot . making the winning shot .
a hockey player is handling the puck down the ice during a hockey game . two men are showing their hockey skills and agility as they skate and move a hockey puck around orange cones on the ice . two hockey players mid play in a hockey rink . two men are on the ice rink playing hockey hockey players on the ice , trying to get a score .
the game was a defensive battle . this breakaway was the first threat to score . the wingman took the puck to the goal but a nice play by the goalie saved the goal . finally , in the third period , the other team gets the puck deep into red zone . he is now withing 20 feet of the goal . he shoots , he scores and the game ends one to nothing !
a hockey layer is skating around orange cones . two hockey players race around the cones while controlling a puck two men are on the ice playing hockey a hockey player prepares for a shot against the goalie . the goalie is blocking the shot from the player .
this is the saturday befor my wedding . we 're going to have the reception in this room . a dj will be by the door over there . the dance floor will be in the back corner . with about 20 tables of people here . this is the chapel . i 've loved this stain glass window every since i was a child . this silence sign is used because our church likes to meditate as well as preach . this room is used to meditate , so it helps remind everyone to be quiet .
a metal gate to a religious building is closed and guarded by stone angels . a room has lights and fans on the ceiling . a group of ceiling fans in one room . a painting rests of the wall with gray colored paint around it a wall with a small hook and the word `` silence '' on it .
yesterday i went to church . the inside of the church is very clean . there was no one there yet when i showed up because i was early . the stained glass windows are very beautiful in the church . they want to be sure that you are quiet during mass .
a place of worship with a large cross on the front of the building . what a big room with a lot of ceiling fans . a large open , empty room with multiple archways . a painted picture of jesus christ on a wall the black letters on the white wall spell silence
i went to visit a church in the town i was visiting . it is quite simple inside , much more plain than i would expect it to be . the columns are quite nice but nothing out of the ordinary . this picture is one of the only artwork available . this made me giggle . then i quickly looked around , hoping i had not made too much noise . i could just imagine a none telling me , `` silence ''
a religious monument with two angel type figures on either side . an empty room with closed shutters , overhead fans and an open door . the inside of a building , brightly lit by ceiling fans , with arch way entrances . a religious figure in a [male] church displayed on the wall . a white wall with black letters attached to it , reading `` silence '' in all caps .
many of the board members came to the meeting . the men brought most of the humor . the leader also gave most of the facts for the meeting . the group of employees took a picture at the end . there was also a small lecture .
a businessman speaks while seated , to people at a conference table . a group of young professionals look towards the instructor . adults sitting at conference table during formal meeting . a group of people with tags posing for a photo a man lecturing a crowd of students in front of a podium .
meeting trying to gather ideas for our new product . listening to some of the staff ideas on which way we should go . showing them the pros and cons of the solution that was suggested . we wanted to get a group picture of everyone who participated . thanking everyone for coming and will keep in touch with them .
a business man talking to a a group of young adults a businessman speaks to young adults while eating lunch at a conference table . a man in a suit talking to a group of younger people the man in the center is the only one that has a suit on . a suited man presenting something to a group of students in an auditorium .
the candidate met with his supporters in location . before he spoke to the crowd , he listened to what his advisors had to say . they had a lot of insights about what iowans wanted to hear from him . he listened intently . whe it was time , he addressed the crowd that had gathered for him . he convinced many in the crowd that he was the best candidate .
a group of people sit at a conference table looking at a suit-wearing man . a group of business people sitting at a table lined with food and drinks ; they seem to be looking at and listening to a man in a black business suit . a group of young professionals sit around a conference table . look at the group , they are an amazing group to work with . a man in a suit gives a lecture in an academic setting .
at the wedding , the bride and groom had a knife that was symbolic of the groom 's family line . the bride had not expected this display , but was eager to be accepted in such an unusual way . the bride 's maid and other party guests were also treated with special items and decorations that spoke of the new union . after the wedding was over , the bridge and groom , along with all their friends and family posed for pictures . the bride was especially happy knowing that this day would mark am important moment in her life .
a black plaid sweater has a gold sword pendant on the lapel the gold wedding band set on the dinner table . two long rows of pews sit in the church . the father of the bride towers proudly over the lovely daughter he has given away . wedding photo of small group of people dressed very nicely .
he attached his sword pin to his lapel . the rings were in place in both their boxes . the church scenery was perfect . the groom stood proudly by his bride . her mother watched on with happiness and sadness .
a sword is facing downward on a dark background two bracelets still in their respective black cases . the red carpeted middle aisle of a well appointed church the groom is standing and leaning over the smiling bride . the wedding party stands and waits for the bride and groom .
[male] wore this sword pin because his ancestors used to be knights . these rings have been passed down from generation to generation . the wedding had not started so the church was empty and quiet . [male] gave his fiance kind words to better her mood for the day . [male] 's parents and relatives arrived shortly for the big day .
a dagger style lapel pin that is gold in color and is pointing downward . two silver rings each it its own ring box . the church is empty and the pews are decorated with ribbons . a bride poses for a picture with a man in a suit . a wedding party are posing for pictures together .
this afternoon , the baseball team had a practice game on the field . coaches and parents sat in lawn chairs and observed from afar . our resident photographer had brought along his camera . the coach wore sunglasses to shield his eyes from the bright sun . meanwhile , out on the field , the players were working hard .
a group of people sit in camping chairs int he grass by some trees . men are holding baseball gloves standing in a field . a woman and man prepare in the outfield of a baseball game . the black man has on a baseball glove . onlookers watching a sporting event at the park .
we set up our chair for the softball game . they were getting ready to play . the ball was thrown . she ran to catch the ball . our team scored a point . we enjoyed relaxing and watching the game .
a few people look on in their lawn chairs . a man is walking in the green fields with a glove . a girl with friends in the park playing baseball . a man with a catchers mitt standing in a field of grass the people are sitting in their lawn chairs in the park
everyone gathered for game day . my husband stood with his mitt , upset by the score . my coworker was really into the game . while others just stood in the field . i sat in my chair laughing at the game .
eight people sit in lawn chairs in the summer time . the group of man are in the outfield for the game a girl holds her baseball glove down to catch . a person is on a field with a baseball glove . people sitting in folding lawn chairs on a field of green grass , watching a soccer match .
there was an important negotiation that was about to take place and everyone was focused on the task , deep in thought . both sides sat at the table and began talking back and forth . finally , the americans agreed to give their counterparts a box of apples . both sides were very happy about the agreement and stood up to shake hands and mingle . a big event was held to celebrate the momentous occasion .
a couple of men in suits with one staring intently with one hand propped on his head . the men are seated at the table talking to each other . the meeting with the general went great and he was pleased at what he heard . standing in front of an american flag , a soldier wearing a pilots helmet is meeting with a civilian . illegal actions taking place by crocked politicians
i had a lot of work to do at the meeting . there were many people there that did not speak english . i tried to communicate things to them . they had a hard time understanding . it was going to be a long meeting .
an old man is busy looking down at something four men wearing dark jackets sitting around a table a group of men hold a briefing at a table . a man wearing a black helmet standing on front of the american flag . a man shakes hands with two others in an apparent political meeting .
tensions were high going into the meetings . while the politicians were able to make some agreements , they still disagreed on some things . the use of military force and its consequences had to be determined . troops were ready to be deployed , but were not sent out . eventually they were able to make amends , and the countries lived in peace together .
a man holds a pen in his right hand while looking down . four men , two of whom are in ethnic dress , are setting at a white table . a group of people in suits talking with a soldier . adult man looking at display featuring military wares . a man is shaking the hand of another man
welcome to the voodoo lounge ! enter it 's mysterious halls ! and see it 's draped furniture ! pass through the skeleton gate ! we hope you enjoy your stay .
the sign of a building flanked by cauldrons of fire . people dance in a club full of bright lights . a blurry picture of a blue and red lit area a golden skull at the top of an arched entrance . teenagers , one wearing a rainbow wig , are gathered around the entrance to `` the voodoo lounge . ''
last night 's halloween party as so good ! the party committee spent a lot of time getting everything ready . a lot of people signed up for the event . there were many places to sit and have a conversation . outside we covered the trees in tissue paper .
the sign that welcomes guests into the restaurant . blurry image in which people are looking at a performance . the area around the trees are lit up . a silver skull decorates a fireplace that is filled with a fire . a group of people pose in the middle of a halloween party .
the voodoo lounge is open only one night a year on halloween . party goers come to revel in the foggy atmosphere . the lights are eerie and glowing red . skulls are an important part of the decor . the partiers are ready to go again next year .
a sign for a lounge with two hanging fire bowls . some people stand around the bar while in costume a man sitting alone in a foggy setting . the fire pit has a skeleton head at the top . a group of people dressed up at the [location] [location] .
we visited location , location for the fourth of july this year . there were a lot of people commemorating veterans . there were throwing flowers every place . it was kind of nice to see flowers on the ground everywhere . i took the opportunity to snap this picture of the location monument because it 's iconic .
a flag pole with the [location] monument in the distance . a woman stands in front of a memorial in [location] [location] . yellow roses left on granite stone inscribed `` i have a dream '' people leaving flowers on the top of a set of steps in a city a group of people standing on the steps across the street from the washingon monument
i went out for a walk today . they were having a memorial service at the capitol . there were many flowers there . everyone had come to show their respects . there was a large turnout .
an american flag is flying in a blue sky with some clouds people standing outside and around a ring of flowers with a ribbon atop it depicting the american flag colors . some roses lay on a marble slab engraved with a [male] [male] [male] quote . small group of people placing flowers at a memorial many people are gathered at the [location] [location] in [location] .
we are going to the place my friend died . it was my first time coming here . i drop my flower on the floor . other come to pay their respect as well . there is alot of his coming to say good bue .
flags on pole above with large tall famous structure in background . a wreath on display on the steps of what looks like the [organization] [organization] [organization] , with a woman and children nearby . flowers on [male] [male] [male] jr 's grave site . people questioning why flowers have been tossed on the steps everyone had gathered at the [location] [location] in dc
taking a trip with the kids is fun . loading everything up for the trip is not . but luckily there is a lot of room in the minivan . and the kids are pretty well behaved on long trips . so the open road is n't that bad at all .
a group of suitcases sits on the floor near a wall . a man and his two sons are driving down the road . a boy is posing for a picture in front of a low truck the large plane is flying in the blue sky a woman and two kids are in hotel beds .
we packed for the trip that we were taking . we had to take the car for a long period of time . we saw a low rider truck along the way . we boarded our plan and flew to our final destination . we spent a few nights at the hotel .
some pieces of luggage are lying on the ground . a man in a blue plaid shirt is in the front seat of a minivan and two boys are in the second row of seats . a young boy is posing next to a low rider truck . a plane is flying in the air with no clouds nearby . a woman and two kids are lying in bed and smiling
the kids got up early for our road trip . everyone 's suitcases and bags are packed up and ready to go . the suitcases have been loaded into the car . selfie from the driver 's seat . this might be dangerous if i was actually driving , but thankfully i 'm not ! the country road is beautiful . 62 miles to go !
suitcases are standing up near a wall with flowers man in a seat belt in front of two boys in the back seat . boy standing in front of a lowered black parked truck . a lone jumbo plane is flying in the sky an older woman with two children are laying in a hotel room .
it was a nice day to hit the slopes . everyone was ready to enjoy the day by the lodge . the sky was clear and the slopes powdered with fresh snow . these slopes can get pretty high . a great day was had by all . they ca n't wait to go back .
the woman is standing in front of the piles of snow . a man in snow gear is laying on a snow bank someone skiing down a snowy slope between two mountains . a structure on top of a snow covered rocky mountain . a woman in snow gear and ski boots walking on snow with her arms up .
the ski lodge was relatively empty . there were very few people on the slope . one person went up the hill by themselves . they then skied down by themselves . another had an entire face to himself .
a snow igloo has a wind sock above it and is surrounded by snow with a woman posing in front . a man is lounging against some snow on a mountain . the clean white snow mountains stretch out as far as the eye can see . a big mountain that has been snowed on . a person with a yellow outfit and ski goggles .
[female] was ready to hit the slopes . [male] told her to go ahead , he was going to rest while she skied . she got to the top and got ready to go down . the view of the mountains was beautiful as she skied down . she had a great day skiing !
a person that is on top of the mountain . a man lays in the snow drift as others gather at the base of a mountain . a mountain slope with someone skiing down it . a type of institution atop of a snowy mountain . a man skiing and rasing his hands and index finger up .
going to the organization organization was one of the creepiness things i have ever done . it started out okay , with a set up showing an old vintage dentist office . but things got weirder and more unnerving as we went along . the cigar box full of antique dentures was almost more than i could handle . but the human skull that showed how they worked on the teeth ... that was too much and i found an exit .
the signs says [organization] [organization] [organization] and is blue . a man in all white sits at a desk in a modest room . the book identifies all the teeth in a humans mouth . a box that contains many different tools for a dentist . a wooden box filled with various sets of dentures .
it took about 20 minutes to arrive at the organization organization organization . first we saw what a dentist 's office use to look like . and we saw one of the first books on dental hygiene . the museum even showcased some of the first dental tools used . there were even a box of old dentures that revealed how much things have changed in this industry .
a sign for the historical dental museum , at the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] . this is a room in a museum that visualizing the image of a man and his profession a book with diagrams of the mouth are sitting on a desk looking at different types of instruments that i have in the box . battered cigar box full of dirty fake teeth
we went to the organization organization organization for school yesterday . it was a neat museum with everything having to do with teeth . they had rows and charts of books on teeth . they even had some of the instruments that dentists used to use on display . ughhh ! at the end , we saw some of the dentures that the dentists had made .
a signage for historical dental museum school of dentistry a living room with a statue by the window . open book with diagram of teeth and cursive writing . a brown and ivory tool set for a dentist an old box full of fake teeth sets .
[female] and [male] had to travel through the rain . after a long journey , they asked a man for directions to the bike store . along the way , we took a photo of a nice bike . the journey seemed to be a puzzle because we kept getting lost . however , through the struggle and rain , we found the perfect bike to buy .
a cartoon is depicted in a drawing . a blue pencil drawing depicts an asian street scene . picture of a motorcycle and of a snowglobe . a spider is part of a sketch of a pencil drawn puzzle . child like drawings featured in photo with ghostly , ghastly features in background .
a mermaid was stranded on the beach and began to take a nap . he dreamed that a giant , evil cat was going to come and get him . the girl in the dream read braille in order to call for the monkey to save them . the monkey came to help him . the monkey gave the girl a scooter so she could escape the cat .
a pencil drawing showing two stick figures in distress . a sketch of people riding bicycles on a city street . two keep sakes from a trip to [location] the drawing of the puzzle contained one green piece and a very detailed spider . the cartoon woman is standing far away from the bicycle .
[female] and [male] were stranded in the rain they were able to get bikes to travel . they took the bikes and traded it in for a vespa , and continued to travel around the world . on their downtime they liked to do puzzles . at the end of the trip [male] left [female] for another woman .
this is a hand drawn picture of someone asking for help from the rain . this picture has friends on bikes with a bus behind it picture of vespa in [location] and a sketch of a snowglobe . a puzzle that is ready to be solved by the spider . drawing of a girl and her basket toting bicycle
[female] was bored and restless because nothing much had happened . the parade kicked off with the fire engine 's arrival . the crowd got over excited and rushed towards the floats . security quickly intervened to prevent any incident . all the commotion grabbed [female] 's attention and she watched quietly .
two children sit outside on chairs on the lawn on a sunny day . woman in a tank top holding a small baby in her arms . adults and children are drinking water and watching an event . a man and a woman driving an old firetruck in a parade . people are watching a parade outside during the day .
the kids are ready to watch the parade . even the baby is ready . he looks so cute . a big crowd has gathered to watch . an old fashioned fire truck lead the parade . the kids are eagerly grabbing up the candy .
a young boy and girl sitting on small chairs outside in front of the bushes . woman holding a baby with a matching red and white outfit on . a mixed crowd enjoys watching the racing on a hot day . an old firetruck in bright red is driving down the street and there are pedestrians walking along side it . many people lined down a road and a truck with people in the back on top .
it was a sunny afternoon , and we had planned to check out the parade . mom and baby were both dressed up festively . we had a lot of fun watching all of the floats and cars go by . i loved the antique fire truck that we saw . afterward we and the rest of the crowd dispersed and headed home .
two children -- a girl and a boy -- are sitting next to each other outdoors and wearing red shirts . a woman holding a baby outside in a yard the families are all seated looking off into the distance . old firetruck driving down street for a parade a crowd of people is watching a parade on a gray day
it 's finally time for graduation day in our beautiful old hall . many family and friends attended our graduation . everyone is awed at the beauty of our hall 's architecture . the soft lights play well with the setting sun on our old school buildings . graduation day comes to a close with the setting sun .
the sun reflected the trees and one can see the leaves on the ground . two vehicles are sitting in front of a large brick building . the blue sky brightens the church building . two women in graduation clothing stand in front of red doors outside of a gothic cathedral , with upstairs windows lit by colorful lights .
[female] got to graduate from college . the rest of her life was ahead of her . no more staying in her favorite college town . she will miss the streets when they glowed in the morning . the sun will surely follow her for the rest of her journey .
a lone bench sitting next to a wall in a garden . cars are parked on a driveway in front of a large , brick building . looking up at a church with two tall spires . the two ladies are wearing cap and gowns . a picture of a historic building with great architecture work .
two girls grew up in a small english suburb . their homes were picturesque . however they could n't wait to attend organization organization . their graduation day was sad seeing as [female] was not accepted . she ended up as a janitor in this building . we no longer speak .
leaves litter the grass in the stone wall enclosure . a brick mansion with many windows ; a white suv and black car are parked in front . an elaborate gothic cathedral seen from the side with huge spires rising behind . two girls are wearing graduation caps and gowns are standing next to a large red door . colors are refletcted off a huge ornate building
tonight was a fun night with friends . we had some delicious seafood for dinner . everyone tried a crab leg for the first time . then afterwards we danced under the stars . later some friends had a fun mock fighting match .
moon looms high over urban area near water . three men talk and drink beer and wine at night outdoors . a group of people are sitting at an outside dining table . the sign for beach seafood restaurant with a blue glow . the crabs and crawfish on the plate were surrounded by thick lettuce .
we all were waiting anxiously for dinner . then the lovely seafood platter arrived . we love playing with lobster legs it was time to exercise the dinner off so we palinode the beach like young kids
a full moon is visible over a city in the dark of night . three men are having a conversation and a drink . a group of friends having dinner at a restaurant on the beach . a sign is lit with blue lighting down by the beach . this appears to be a picture of a plate of crabs . it is served with a glass of white wine .
the night is illuminated with the full moon . the people gather today to sit down for a meal . they 've all ordered food and are now waiting for the waitress . as they waited they took a picture of the sign overhead . the meal finally arrived , and it looks delicious .
a beautiful view of night view and a moon in the sky a group of men at a [location] bar drinking alcohol in the dark . a group of people sit around a table at night . a seafood restaurant 's sign is illuminated with pale blue light at night . the platter is piled high with crabs .
here is the newest organization car available for purchase . nevermind the girl in the short clothes , some people think this sells a car . here she is again , can we get to the car part now ? here is your engine , looks good to me and ready to rev . here 's a good back end and it 's will definitely sell to me .
an attractive woman wearing short shorts and a yellow shirt stands in front of a car . the car is parked in the empty garage . a girl wears a strip of cloth that does n't cover her assets . a red honda vehicle with the hood open to showcase the engine . red car parked next to the water with the sun setting .
this is a picture of a woman . this is a picture of a car . this is a picture of a woman and a car . this is a picture of a car hood . this is a red car .
the lady wearing a yellow blouse is beside the red car a red two door sports car parked in a parking garage a woman trying to pull off a sexy pose in front of a car good lifted on a red sports car displaying engine detail a [organization] that is parked on the sidewalk
i finally got my new car today ! i was so excited about my new car that i had to take photos for instagram . of course , i decided to do a sexy pose to get those likes up ! after that , i did the sensible thing like check the engine and all that . now i 'm ready to drive my car all afternoon !
a pretty girl posing in front of a red car . a red vehicle that is parked inside of a lot . a sexy , scantly dressed woman poses next to a maroon colored [organization] car . a red [organization] car with front hood up , exposing the engine . a red car that is parked on the sidewalk
there were many posters brought to the event . there were plenty of green items . the dogs even wore green leashes . one fan brought a loud horn . some people gathered on the side .
a group of people walks in a parade holding an irish pride sign . a parade in a street and everyone dressed in green . a woman in a green dress walking a brown dog . the boy is adorned with st. [male] day accessories and blowing a green horn in a crowd . group of men playing musical instruments outdoors on a sunny day .
it was st. patrick 's day . performers rode unicycles . some people even brought their dogs . this man played a pipe . some people even jammed out .
a sign displayed in a parade celebrating the irish . the people are all dressed in green for st patricks day a person wearing a green dress is walking a dog . a boy blows a vuvuzela at a st. [male] 's day event . four musicians are playing their instruments outside in the sun .
the fair had lots of people in cool costumes . they were celebrating different holidays . even dogs were in on the fun . some people wore silly outfits . some people took it more seriously .
a small group carry a flag in the parade a woman is riding a unicycle in a st [male] 's day parade a dog is sniffing the ground under a green skirt a boy blowing through a green horn on st. [male] 's day . four men are playing an accordion , a banjo , the drums , and a guitar outside .
the city was filled with a snow base . we took a group photo in our living room . outside , the city line was amazing . i told my friend to take a photo in front of the city . the water fountain in the city was grand .
the city looks gloomy with the sun shining in the distance a small part of town filled with small family homes on a winter day . a man is standing next to a stream . a man is swinging upside down in the park . a man sitting on a banister with a cityscape behind him .
the view in our room was beautiful . the day after , we visited the mountains for fresh air . we hiked up the trail to stop at this lake . i had lots of fun on the swinging set . this town continues to inspire me .
the shadow covers a part of the town . a view of all the houses covered in snow and the trees covered in snow as well . a man is standing in the dirt near a river man swinging upside down on a park style swing set a man sits on the railing on the roof of a building . behind him is a scene of a sprawling city .
the city was vast . [male] wondered how he would like this new city . he found a pretty house in a nice neighborhood . in winter it looked like a postcard . [male] discovered a river he thought he could fish in . [male] found a swing large enough for an adult . after several months living in his new city [male] knew he loved this place .
city view of large building and clock closeup snow covers the roof top of homes on a bleak winters day . a man that is looking at the flowing waters . man dressed in black swinging upside down on child 's swing . a man sits on a corner of a balcony looking over the city .
at this fine bar , we hosted a party for our friend . he was coming back from another country and we made him a centerpiece . the tables were also decorated in his honor . my aunt and mom came from another state to celebrate too . we took a picture of the important men at the event .
a variety of wines on a wooden bar . a sign that reads `` joy '' is lit up , hanging on the wall . a table setting with new years decorations . two women in black dresses embracing for the camera . men in formal attire eat hor d'oeuvres at a party .
[female] and [female] met [male] for an event at a restaurant downtown . the restaurant was inviting . [male] , himself , passed around appetizers , and there were wonderful cheese plates to sample . [female] and organization declined wearing the hats , though .
assorted wine bottles next to sign featured on wooden bar . the word joy spelled out with christmas lights a table covered with a purple cloth and items to celebrate new years two women in black dresses are drinking wine . the finger food was finally served to the guests
the place cards had been laid . the decorations had been put up . the party favors were organized on the tables . as the guests arrived , the were handed drinks . the only thing left to do was eat and enjoy the party .
a bar that has several wines on the bar the words joy are lit up in a dark room the table was packed with party favors for this new years night . two women , one blonde and one brunette , having a glass of wine . a waiter handing drinks to people in suits .
here is a ticket we saved from the 2011 organization division i women 's basketball championship played at location location on march 28 , 2011 . here is a picture of some of the women players getting fired up before the game . the game was covered by organization so it was a big deal for women 's basketball . you can see the good sportsmanship being shown between the two teams right before tip off . the thrill of victory is savored by the winners as one by one they climb the ladder to each take turns cutting down the net as is tradition .
a paper ticket to a women 's basketball game shows all fees and seating location and venue location . a group of woman walk down a side walk . a group of athletes preparing to enter an arena . people are playing basketball in the ncaa games a team is hoisting up the trophy that they won .
today is the big game . the players are getting ready . the crowd is ready for the game . the players are greeting each other . the winning team is taking down the net and that ends the game and the day .
a ticket to a woman 's basketball game in [location] . a woman in a grey hoodie looking back at another woman wearing a black jumpsuit . a sign by a popular sport network is displayed in the arena . two [organization] basketball players shaking hands on court . the players are standing in the middle of the court celebrating .
the boss gave the company tickets to see the women 's basketball organization game . after heading out with a few workers to the game , we saw a few of the girls that were going to be playing at the game . the place was crowded , but the seats we had gave us a great view of the game . at the end of the game , two opposing players greeted one another with a handshake . the home town won the game . we were surprised by how close the game was in points .
a ticket for the 2011 [organization] division 1 [organization] basketball championship . a woman and her teammate about to fist bump a group of people are at a stadium for an [organization] hosted event . two girls shake hands in the middle of a court . a basketball team is gathered around a trophy .
my brother , [male] , is a dirt biker . this weekend was his first race . it was so amazing seeing him in action . this was the first time that i had ever seen him on the bike and he did an incredible job . i wish that i was as talented as he is . everyone did a good job and i 'm definitely going to come to these competitions more often .
people are lined up on bikes at the starting line it was a close race both wanted to win . the motorcycle driver had the same colors on as his bike . a motorcyclist rides a green dirt bike through the sand . two racers are seen in this picture standing by their bikes .
the motorbikes gather at the starting line as the race is about to begin . going through the hills , the motorbikes are going up and down into the air . a tight curve is coming up as the racer in green prepares for the turn . they make the turn successfully but are unable to keep up with the pack . the man in white is seen smiling as he wins the race .
people are lined up on motorbikes before a race . two dirt bikers ride along the race track in chase of each other . a person is riding a dirtbike in full gear a motocross race picture with the number fifty racer . two men getting ready to ride dirt bikes
the racers unloading their bikes from the truck . the photographers ironically posing for a photo . two riders practicing before the race . the racers lined up at the starting gate . and they 're off with a loud rumble !
a bunch of motorbike racers are beginning a race two people riding dirt bikes at a motocross event . a person riding a dirt bike in the desert . a motocross rider speeds around the track in a race . tan motor bike racer walking in white [organization] brand sponsor uniform and black hat
a trip out on the ocean for the guys very relax on the boat on the ocean there is a beautiful view of a town having some fresh fish for dinner sitting around getting to start dinner
the sky is extremely cloudy but the water is calm . three men on a boat out on the water . this is a very peaceful setting with a boat in the water . sausages are in a pan on a camp stove . there are wine glasses on the table together with food
here are gilligan and the skipper , out for a 3-hour tour . gilligan casually notes that there are rocks off the port bow . skipper looks mildly concerned . here are gilligan and the skipper stranded on the deserted island . `` where are [female] , [female] ? '' asks the professor . they celebrate their material for a long-running sitcom with a weenie roast .
cloudy skies over choppy waters near mountain range 3 men enjoying a nice day on a sail boat . a sailboat is passing by houses near the dock . food cooking in a pan with a fork laying on top of it the men are eating at the small table in the boat .
the weather did n't look great at first for my annual boating trip with my brothers . however , nothing stops us ! it cleared up pretty quickly , and we took off . [male] did the cooking for supper . yep , hot dogs again ! we love eating on the boat and being together . it 's a great time .
an overcast sky above the choppy water of the ocean . three men enjoy beverages while on a boat in the water . a lake on a sunny day with sailboats in it . the pan is hot frying the links on the stove with fork on the side three men eat dinner in a small space .
my favorite event of the year the annual technology show . absolutely everyone is there and organization always has a big crowd . the new hbd model glaxon 4 looks like an amazing toy - got ta get me one . of course the iphone always makes an impressive showing . now a new part of the show - new technology for my favorite toys - shiny cars !
a crowded technology store with its glass doors open . the expo was not quire ready yet but almost ready a smartphone that is on display on the wall . a man is holding up a computer screen and holding a pencil . [organization] displays their latest model in black at the car show .
the conference opens with an announcement of organization tv and the crowd goes wild . people are roaming about the conference floor to get their eyes on the newest gadgets . the iphone is encased in a circular shell to protect it as if it is a piece of jewelry . from the front , we gaze upon its retina display . a organization is shown , with built-in apple connectivity features .
the front of a building with people milling about inside . a big crowd of people standing under a sign for [organization] tv . a black phone is set to play music by the popular band u2.. a person holding up an early version of a tablet . a mercedes benz car that is on display
yesterday we went to visit the convention center . there were having many large presentations . there were a lot of new tech gadgets there . we got to try out a few of them . after we were done there we decided to go to the autoshow next door .
a store entrance with a few people standing about . above and behind a large audience , a broad screen introduces [organization] [organization] . a shiny new smartphone on display in a case . the man is showing off his new laptop . a lone car in the middle of a technology store .
the motorcyclists gathered for the fourth of july celebration . they proudly posed with their bikes . this older couple have been coming to the celebration for years . this group of friends posed together for a photo . these three kicked back and enjoyed the show .
the bikers show their patriotism with their flags a group of bikers gather together behind a bike for a picture . an older couple posing for a picture behind their motorcycle . six men are posing for a picture while wearing hats three bikers sit on a ledge during an active public event .
every forth of july our motorcycle club gets together to celebrate . always willing to pose for any picture if someone ask us to . mom and dad as proud as ever of me to i might at , i think . there urging toward us to get a big photo of the whole club finally paying off . even snapping a few pictures of the jackets and shirts in the back to boot .
a family standing by motorcycles and american flags . group of people standing around a motorcycle in black shirts . a man and woman posing with a motorcycle . six caucasian men are wearing jeans and glasses . the bikers are sitting and watching the parade
bikers saluting the flag and getting ready to take off . here is a good one of the gang . here i am with my husband . along with some of my relatives that came along . taking it easy and getting some rest .
four people and two motorcycles with two american flags a group of motorcycle riders posing for a photo with a bike an older couple posing for a picture with a motorcycle a group of men wearing sunglasses and vests . three people that are dressed like bikers are sitting down
i decided to take a stroll around town to enjoy the rest of my day . it seems that the town was calm and collective until a group of angry protesters swarmed in . protests in the form of speeches and marches were flooding the street . in addition , a vast majority of people were advocating a health care reform .
a very empty part of the city , with lights in the distance and a cloudy day . barricades blocking the sides of the street in a city with many tall buildings and flags hanging from the sides of the buildings . group of people standing near a subway entrance . people dresed in cold weather cloths are walking through the street a black woman holding a sign take part in an outdoor group protest .
there were not a lot of people on the street today . i walked for a while . there were a lot of people at the corner . they were having some kind of rally . i decided to go with them .
there are benches and trees planted in the cement walkway . a city street has been blocked off using metal bike racks . several people in winter clothing walking past a subway entrance . a group of lgbt supporters walk down the street . a woman in a head dress is holding a protest sign .
the morning before the protest , the streets were empty . fences were put up to keep the peace . slowly , people started to make their way to the designated area . there were many there who supported marriage equality . while others felt strongly about traditional marriage values .
an image of a city street with no people american flags hang off the side of city buildings . several people wearing black stand near a subway entrance . group of people walking down a sidewalk in a city woman in blue , turquoise and black head scarf holding protest sign
it 's sleep over night and the boys are going to have some fun . first , an indoor water gun fight . ok , maybe it 's time to take things down a step and watch a movie . dancing mummies ? zombies ? who cares , as long as it 's fun ! nothing beats an old fashioned `` horsey '' ride !
young boys being silly during holiday time indoors . this image is of a boy pointing a water gun at someone . three young boys are sitting on the floor watching tv young boys having costume fun with plastic bags from store . a group of young boys are in a living room with two older adults .
the boys posed cool for the picture . the boys enjoyed playing a game of cops and robbers in the house . the boys watched their favorite movie on the television . the boys made funny clothes out of plastic bags . the boys pretended they were at a wrestling match .
two boys posing with hats and sunglasses on a boy plays with a toy gun while the news is on a group of kids that are sitting next to each other . a group of boys dressed in [organization] bags acting silly three boys are waiting in line for their turn to ride on the man 's back .
i invited all my friends over to my house today so that we could play together . we had a great time . we played lots of games together . after a while we got tired . we sat on the floor and watched movies together .
two boys in the living room with sunglasses and backwards hats trying to be cool . a boy with a nerf gun aiming at the television . children with their shirts off are sitting around a television . group of 4 kids with walmart bags on their chests several young boys play with there father as there mother watches .
festive snacks were laid out before the carving began . everyone began carving their pumpkins , trying to decide on what to make ! they came along nicely , but with a bit of a mess . some people copied famous villains ... while others made their own , unique creations !
a man getting a plate of snacks and a woman drinking from a glass . a group of people are cutting up pumpkins for jack o lanterns a woman with long black hair carving a pumpkin . a carved pumpkin light up around halloween time of year . four nicely carved pumpkins on display and glowing at night .
the chocolate castle had spooky chocolate trees outside . the whole family got together to carve pumpkins . one pumpkin felt left out , he wore his sad face . ... and then the sith arrived to take over halloween . we defeated the sith , hooray ! !
a man is getting food off a table filled with food . a group of men and women are carving pumpkins a woman is carving a pumpkin on the floor a jack o lanter has a monster face carved in it . four glowing carved pumpkins arranged for a display .
the halloween party was so we could all get together . there was pumpkin carving and food . everyone did their best with the pumpkins . they did a great job with their carving skills . when they were all lit up the made a great display .
the man getting food on the table is standing beside the woman who is drinking a family in their living room all carving individual pumpkins for halloween . a woman sitting down carving a pumpkin with a small carving knife . a pumpkin that has been carved with a candle placed inside of it . the jack o lanterns are all lit up against the darkness .
you would n't believe the quality of the meets at the strip market in town . and the product is so fresh and ripe . i went just the other day and spotted a new bakery . the streets were crowded with people which did not surprise me . i decided to splurge and took a chariot ride back home .
going to decide which food i should buy . the market is bursting with fresh fruits and vegetables even in the cool jacket weather . many different kinds of food being sold at a store . people are facing away from the camera in an indoors setting like a bar two people walk past a yellow horse drawn carriage .
yet another visit to the local farmers market lots of different selections here , does not help my diet this is where the sweets are sold an old horse drawn carriage bring the nostalgia city lights at night time looking fabulous
a woman looks at a meat shop window stocked with bratwurst . various fruits and vegetables for sale at a market stand men and women are at work behind a display of various breads and pastries . the counter displays signs and prices in german . the lights from the shops shine brightly against the night sky . nothing beats a carriage ride through the city at night .
there were so many sweets to eat at the market , i wanted to buy them all . there were also healthy options that looked just as good . it was hard for me to take my eyes off the sweets though . afterwards , we took a walk into town to see the lights . there were even old cars that zoomed down the streets .
a bunch of different meats are on display . a man peruses fruits and vegetables laid out in a colorful display . people shopping in the bakery have a wide and varied selection people are gathered in a city center during winter . people are walking by and yellow horse-drawn carriage with people inside .
the mood of this private party was jovial and quite cheerful . as you can see , plenty of refreshment was available . the party goers were all talking and having a great time . the party even included some video games for everyone to play . this game i found particularly interesting and challenging .
bar setting that is almost empty with a tv playing . the bottles of liquor are all lined up on the credenza people standing around looking at eachother and drinking a person is playing a rather large video game . a video game being played on a television set
this is a party that a my friends and i went to . we all watched people playing video games all night . here are a couple people playing the games . this dog was too cute to not take a picture of him . we played some ping pong before heading home for the night .
a woman in a black sweater is sitting on a chair . alcoholic beverages are lined up on a metal counter the people are standing around talking and drinking . a young man in a video arcade playing a game people play a game on an old television
we had a party at the student center . it was a lot of fun watching the ballgame with friends . a few guys had video games going . our mascot got his dinner . ping pong was a big hit and much more fun than the video games .
a group of friends that are inside of the building . the black bar has many bottles sitting on top of it in front of the wall covered in art . adults gathered indoors for festive time including adult beverages . a young man standing in front of a video game a television screen that projects the video game .
the brother did not want to talk to his sister . the siblings made up . they started to talk and smile . their parents showed up . they were happy to see them .
a cute little boy and girl sit on their stoop with their backpacks on . two young kids with backpacks sitting on the porch . two young children wearing backpacks sit on a porch and smile . a young boy and girl waving at the camera two kids seems to be excited about attending school
today is the first day of training camp for [female] and ember . they pose in sweet poses for the camera so mom can remember them this way . they also make fun faces as well , trying to enjoy their innocence while they can . it is hard for them to smile as they wave goodbye . they are excited to start their training to become extreme gymnasts though .
a small boy and a girl are sitting together two small children , one boy and one girl , sitting on a porch step in front of a yellow door , they are both wearing backpacks . a boy and a girl smiling at the camera together . two children holding hands with backpacks on . a young pretty girl with her boyfriend smiling
first day of school for my two . sis leans on big bro for a confidence boost . it does n't take long to get wacky though . are you two ready for school yet . yay here come the bus .
two kids sitting on a porch with their backpacks on . two young children that are very close to one another cute blue-eyed brother and sister sit and smile together . two young children waving before leaving for school . young children showing pleasure while standing near doorway .
a woman documented some of her typical routines . she got dressed in normal clothes . the woman did laundry , carefully washing clothes of similar colors . she baked lasagna in a white dish in an electric oven . she concluded her day by tiredly falling asleep .
a woman is putting on makeup and is reflected with this mirror . a pair of hands buttons up a pair of jeans . this is the inside of a washing machine a pan of lasagna is cooking inside an oven . try not to wake her up , better turn off the light .
a typical day for my son . he helps with breakfast . i let him drive because he just got his license and needs the practice . i think we 'll wait on filling up and see if the gas price goes down . the halls are a busy place before classes . the kids get a break to read during the day before heading home to do homework .
woman looking in the mirror and applying her makeup . a closeup of a woman using her hands to button her jeans . the inside of a washer filled with water and red clothes plate of a baked food with a red sauce in a heated electric oven . with lights still on in the background , this women is fast asleep .
mom was getting ready for her night . she buttoned up her jeans and got to work . staring at the laundry made her dizzy . the dinner was in the oven . mom passed out and dad took dinner out of the oven .
a woman looks in a mirror as she applies eyeshadow woman buttoning the top of her jeans in kitchen a shot from atop a washing machine with a bunch of pink and red looking fabrics inside . food in a casserole dish resting on the shelf of an open and operating oven . a woman is laying on a bed sleeping
it 's fall and mom and dad are here to see our newest baby . here i am with my new one . here is my brother with our pride and joy . here 's my dad with one of his grand babies . dad looks happy but what about my boy ?
the baby in the adult arms is smiling . a person is next to a small baby . a young man sitting in a chair holding a baby . a young boy lays against his sleeping father . these people smile for the camera on the couch .
[male] jimmer came over for the first time to his grandparent 's house . the grandparents felt a little weird since they were so young but welcomed jimmer . the other grandchild pretended to change a diaper but then changed his mind . so the grandparents changed the diaper in the kitchen for real . after jimmer had a clean diaper , his mother read to him from a picture book .
baby who is being held by its mommy with a smile on her face a person sitting , watching and holding an infant . the man in the black shirt is holding a little baby . a baby is lying down on his father a man , woman , and child are seated on beige furniture .
the new baby was brought to the new house to visit . the parents relaxed on the couch while the kids played . the brother bonded with his new sister . after we had some more wine and grandma read the baby a new short story .
a smiling baby holding onto a grown man 's wrist . the lady is holding the little baby and looking at it . man sitting on the sofa holding a baby girl . the baby is resting on the man 's chest man , woman and child sitting down in a room with red walls .
the nightclub was filled to capacity . the band took the stage and started to play . there was a balcony overlooking the crowd . the band started playing their favorite song . a view to the balcony before the night ended .
a blurry picture of a crowd that appears to be at a show . a young man playing guitar on stage , while another man from the audience is seen calling out to the guitarist . a man stares at the lights by his friends a band sings to the crowd in a bar . a dance club with a band playing on a bridge over the crowd .
our band was playing our first sold out show and we managed to get the venue packed to the wall . [male] has been trying to experiment with some new guitar riffs for a bigger sound . we played on a platform that the audience could walk under . we always try to bring as much passion as we can to our music to make it worth our fan 's while . the lighting effects we could get at this bar were incredible .
blurry image of a dance floor full of people a man plays guitar on stage and another man yells to him . the man is looking up as he enjoys his drink . what appears to be a band of three men singing and playing guitars . a man hangs a sign on the railing at a crowded room .
i went to a club the other night . boy , was it crowded ! i went upstairs and took pictures of the people . the band was upstairs too . they played songs for the crowd . we danced and waved to our friends . everyone had a good time .
purple and pink light illuminates a large packed crowd . a live musician that is playing in front of the crowd . a man in a cream shirt is looking up at something . three men are are pictured performing a song with vocals and guitars . a band playing indoors on a bridge as many people watch below .
the statue was very monumental . we were the only ones there but we did noticed that someone had placed a wreath there before us . my brothers decided to stay near the wreath while i walked around . we all met back there 10 minutes later but no one showed up . we decided to leave after 30 minutes .
a concrete statue of a man in a park three people that are standing next to a wreath . two people standing in front of a large stone carved statue . they all came together for a somber moment at the memorial . large rock with a man engraved on the entire structure .
i went on vacation last year . i saw a really old statue . it was magnificent . i bought some flowers for it . i left them there .
the martin luther king statue with a wreath hanging on it . two people stand to one side as a woman facing away from the camera looks at a wreath . two people standing in front of a statue with a reef showing a trio of young people pause for a moment after leaving a wreath at a monument . a large man carved into a piece of sandstone .
this monument is huge . we look in amazement . we talked about the statue in great depth . we are so small compared to the monument . the water was so clear but yet looked blue .
large commemorative statue depicting dr. [male] [male] [male] , jr . three people standing near a memorial looking at wreath two of them right next to each other and one off to the side . a man and a woman are standing in front of a memorial three people stand with a wreath near a monument . a statue stands in front of a concrete wall .
