this is my son from last weekend at the parade . the firemen saluted for the organization organization . here go on the ride ! all the kids were excited . here 's one boy waving goodbye . see you later ! here 's the whole firefighters crew .
young boy in stroller wearing fireman hat looking up . men stand in front of a fire truck with their right hand across their hearts . adults are holding small children on top of maroon and yellow hoses . a young boy and a woman enjoy a day at the park . men pose together outside in front of a fire truck .
we had our fire station reunion last weekend . we started the day with a prayer . then we brought out the old firetruck . the kids loved getting to go inside the truck . a great time was had by all .
a baby in a stroller is playing with a red hat . men near a fire truck hold their hands over their heart for the pledge of allegiance . two men are sitting on top of folded up fire hoses with small boys on their laps . a toddler boy waves from where he is standing by a yard full of bikes . a group of men pose in front of a firetruck .
before the firefighter 's family fair , the unit gathered for a group photo . after the photo , fair responsibilities were assigned . it was my job to take kids on a quick drive in the fire engine . my daughters relaxed inside with some gear . outside , fathers and sons took a seat on a stack of fire hoses .
a young toddler practices putting on his firemen hat . a few men standing in front of a fire truck look on . two men holding boys with others behind them . a woman crouches down at a park with toddler who is waving at something . a group of men are standing in front of a firetruck .
[male] and her friends are throwing a parade today . they march in the streets and carry the flag with great pride . continuing the march they carry flags from other countries as well . its a world peace day . everyone is having a great time at the parade .
three people are standing behind a table happy about electronics recycling a float is going by with a band in a parade . a widely varied group of eccentric people walk in the street during a parade . a group of people talking outside in a large gathering . a boy talking to a lady at a table with a lot of people
this family had a fundraiser for the parade . the american flag could be seen in the parade . there were also people holding flags of other countries . people looked onward patiently . this family had raised a significant amount of money for the event .
three smiling people under a large tent as they attend to two tables of material of various sorts . a parade is going with people looking on from the sidewalk people in elaborate crowns with feathers are walking in parade formation down the middle of a street . the festival is full of young people and adults a group of people coming up to tables at an event
the students proudly manned their recycling booth . many immigrants in the parade did n't know you could recycle electronics . they walked down the street , proud of their mexican heritage , without even glancing at the organization tent . gathered in a circle , the foreign students debated the benefits of global warming . in agreement the location being burnt to a crisp was a bad thing , they ended up at the recycling booth , seeking information .
three people at a booth for electronics recycling with a sign in both english and spanish . a group of people are sitting at a rally . a parade is occurring on on a public street . a man and a woman standing in a crowd of people outside . a large group of people are gathered at the booth
i went on vacation last year . i brought my entire family with us . we took a lot of pictures of the giant waterfall . it was very cold there . we stayed at a nearby hotel .
two women smile with sunglasses on their faces . rainbow dimly highlighed over turbid waters without a shore visable two women in green dresses and white hats look at the scenery from an overpass . a waterfall with steam in the air and trees near by a woman wearing a blue rain cover as she approaches a water fall .
they were near a waterfall when they saw religious people looking on . she did not know what to say about the amount of people .
a selfie of two overweight females wearing red and pink . a large body of water with a foamy top shows signs of a faint rainbow in it 's center . a group of nuns looks over a cliff at scenery . [location] [location] , with choppy water and a heavy mist around it . smiling lady with dark glasses with falls in the background
getting ready to see the falls ! rainbows streaking through the water just a few people lining up to see location . the amish love it ! two falls making a whole lot of mist . rocking the poncho ! that was intense !
two female friends posing in front of a cities large buildings . a slight rainbow is seen arching across a turbulent body of water . many people lined up against a wall overlooking green grass and water . a large waterfall is creating a large and thick mist of water . person wearing rain gear and sunglasses at a waterfalls .
yesterday we had a company picnic event outdoors . there were a lot of people that showed up and signed in . the reception desk was very busy . the speaker delivered a speech to everybody there . everybody took a picture together at the end .
these people are getting to red to cut a red ribbon a memorial to a man named [male] abram schneck the man is concerned about the counter in the field . coworkers enjoy a conversations at a meeting . people sitting in the open under a tent having a conversation
the ribbon cutting ceremony was underway . the ceremony included a dedication of a plaque . the foreman spoke briefly about the project . the organizers discussed the event . after the ceremony concluded , the organizers took information and talked with attendees .
a group of people gather for a ribbon cutting . a picture of a memorial is taken of an individual that volunteered his services . a man stands next to a podium in front of a wooden fence and a large grass field . it was too hot for these thick polo shirts people are sitting down at and standing around a table outdoors under a tent .
the ribbon cutting ceremony officially kicked off the opening of the newest facility . they honored the owner with a plaque to be displayed . announcements were made as to the company 's future plans . there was a question and answer time . after the event there was a sign up for volunteers .
people gathered together to cut the red ribbon . a memorial plaque for a nature trail with a person 's image and commemorative text . the man is standing in the middle of a farm field . a man with a beard prepares to show his stomach to his friends . the information table set up at the flea market gave water bottles and booklets on breast cancer to hundreds of people saturday .
here is my friend [male] . he looks cool . but deep down inside he 's pretty depressed . his wife filed for divorce and he just got let go at his firm . he asked me to take these voyager photos for some reason . i 'm not sure , i 'm just playing along . he has n't noticed my confusion , but its hard for me to tell when he wears sunglasses . he ripped off his shirt and revealed a organization organization organization shirt . he said nothing . well at least we are on the same page when it comes to baseball teams .
man with greasy slick-backed hair thinks he looks uber-cool posing in front of the camera like a total coward . a dressed up man takes a walk outside with his sunglasses on . a young man with a brown jacket and sunglasses is standing outside by some trees . a man is wearing sunglasses and staring off in the distance . a man in a blue shirt and a white overshirt walks down a driveway .
a young man did a photo shoot in the park today . he had some pictures taken as he was walking . he tried to look casual . but he still wanted to look cool . for his final look , he put on a organization organization shirt .
a man in sunglasses with a goatee poses for a photo . a man wearing a blazer is walking down a path a man wearing a brown jacket and sunglasses . a young man , leaning against a wall , is wearing sunglasses , a white button-up shirt , and a corduroy jacket . he has spiky hair and a thin mustache and beard . the man has on a [organization] [organization] baseball shirt on .
he was dressed for the occasion . walking with a purpose . looking sharp . he knew what he wanted . the shades brought it all together .
a man sits outside while wearing dark sunglasses . the man is walking down the path way a man is standing on a path in front of trees wearing sunglasses and dressy clothes . a man wearing a brown corduroy blazer and sunglasses is leaning against a building with beige siding . a man is wearing a [organization] [organization] shirt and sunglasses .
this community is has gone through some hard times . they have hand built their homes with what little they had . there schools were so empty that many classrooms could be put into one . sometimes teachers would not even care about the money as long as they could educate the kids . the kids taught today are the leaders of our future and they are happy with what they have .
a man is meditating on the beach . a tent set up in the middle of the woods . young south asian children seated on the floor with some mothers . the students are gathered around in a circle on the floor listening to the teacher . the three young girls held up their hand while their father stood behind them .
in the remote village , things may appear different than people of the location are accustomed to , but in reality many things are still quite similar . due to the difficulty of getting supplies to the remote location , tents and other temporary structures are used . here a teacher is telling a story to the children about their culture . later in the day , a different instructor teaches the children the basics . here , the children are seen taking notes . school is over for the day and the children are quite happy to have free time to play .
a decorated temple among palm trees and white sands on a beach . a tent that is you wrecked on a soft sandy ground children are sitting around on a floor with women . a group of children of all different ages sitting in a semi circle on the floor . young children under watchful eye of adult man showing jubilation .
i went to volunteer at a refugee camp . there were many bright and friendly children . unfortunately most had to sleep in tents . some were more fortunate to have houses . i hope i can help these people more .
a statue that is in the sand beside the beach a tent is set up with the door opening left open children accompanied by their mothers while having lessons inside their claaroom people of various ages are sitting in a u-shape in a small room . in the opening , a boy about thirteen is sitting on a chair . everyone else is sitting on the floor . the boy is smiling . the others are focused on papers in their hands . the children were raising their hands with joy
our local town had a community day parade . the high school band played in it . neighbors with fancy cars drove it it , too . the fire department showed of it 's newest truck . they also showed off their oldest truck . the best part was when the firemen threw candy to us !
people march on the street playing white tubas . a red old mustang coup driving on the street . fire truck driving down street with other trucks following an old fashioned fire truck is in a parade . two men walking down the road beside a fire truck .
tuba players mark the start of the parade of fire engines and trucks . modern fire engines contain all the bells and whistles . this fire engine has a large ladder that is very impressive . other kinds of rescue vehicles are included in the mix . this old fire engine has been out of service for awhile , but is still up to the job .
the tubas made their way down the street a red sports car sits on the street as part of a parade . a couple of fire trucks going down the road with people watching . the old red fire truck is traveling down the street . a red fire truck is parked in the street behind them .
the celebrate firefighters parade opens with marchers playing horns . the procession of fire trucks follow , sounding their horns loudly . a variety of fire trucks follow the parade route , including one with a large ladder on top . an organization fire truck is shortly behind . the parade ends with a throw back fire truck from the old days with flags held high .
three tuba players marching in a parade a red sporty car adorned with a logo on the street . firetrucks driving down the road while spectators line the streets a small red fire truck provides drives down the road as part of a parade . emergency officials walk in a parade and hand out candy .
there was once a business party . there were a lot of people there . there were refreshments and every one was flocking to them . there was plenty of small talk between groups . and maybe even a budding romance ?
people are gathered around and having a conversation . guy in a striped shirt wearing a back pack the guys at the wedding reception had all gone to school together a crowd of men standing in a circle . a woman holding a mans face in her hand .
it is a party with people from a company . [female] is really getting into the party with a glass of wine . the co workers sit down to eat . [male] is in the kitchen whipping up delicious food . fun at the after party .
a man is drinking beer and enjoying a party . a young man arriving at a gathering is smiling . the group is standing on the wood deck around the tables . several men in business attire gathered in a group are talking a woman is embracing a smiling mans face
we had all finally gathered together to make the plan come true . all of our history we talked about . we knew what needed to be done , but instead of somberness we found joy in the tasks . we sat together for the last time for the last meal we would have with each other . [male] was helping with the cooking tonight . his job was to make sure the special ingredient was added . after eating we all knew the end was coming . [female] touched my face , and we kissed the kiss of the damned .
a man in a blue pin stripe shirt holds a drink as he talks to a woman man with a backpack in a crowd of men . this image is of a group of people at a social gathering . a group of men are having a conversation outside of a building as the woman holds his chin a man smiles down at her .
photos edited in black and white can often catch the essence of a picture , like this bridge for instance . even a small set of land with a tree can make a photo look very unique . the most breathtaking photos are the ones taken at the beach . if angled the right way the photographer can catch the clouds and water coming in perfect . but sometimes something simple as a person watching the ocean can be a great photo .
black and white bridge with city in background . steps go up a hill leading to a house . two shark fins visible in the water just outside the jagged rocks make these otherwise calm seas appear menacing . a picture of a lake is shown in black and white . a black and white picture is mainly of a beach and its mountains
the bridge to the island where we rented the house for vacation . this is the outside view of the house we rented for vacation . the view of the shore from the patio at the house . some really nice views just a ways from the house . there was a nice walking path just a few minutes from the house .
an old bridge still allows for travel across it . a tree is growing above two small buildings . it was easier to view the dolphins when the picture was in black and white such a serene scene , it looks so relaxing . a man contemplates quietly as he sits on a bench in front of a rocky ledge .
the bridge was a little scary . so we decided to take the path . we arrived at the little bungalow . the way back was the path . we found our destination .
arched bridge above waterway leading to city area . black-and-white picture of houses surrounded by a fence with a single tree behind the house . animals are swimming in the ocean near a rocky jetty . this scenic picture was taken and will be painted by a famous artist . a person is sitting on a bench near a rock formation .
the kids were excited to spend the day with their dad . they imagined going outside for a bike ride with him ! but the day started with him making breakfast , and then taking them out to get ice cream ! and then to grandmother 's house they went .
two happy children at home smiling for the camera . a neighborhood that is full of a lot of bikes man in button down long sleeve shirt cooking food . a man is standing outside a brick building holding a paper cone full of fries . a grandmother and three grand children sit on a brown couch .
the kids were getting ready for the day . the streets were full of life that day . the father made breakfast for the kids . the father was still hungry and got himself a snack . the kids always love to visit grandma .
a blonde boy and girl smiling in a house . several bikes are park in the center of the small town . a man cooking something on top of a stove man holding fry cup on pedestrian lane near brick building . an older woman sitting on a couch with three young children .
he was happy to pose for the picture . he looked like he was up to something . his little brother also had a sneaky look on his face . he was telling us it was not him . they were both troublemakers , but cute .
a boy and young girl stand next to each other with smiles on their faces . a group of bicycles right next to each other on the street the man standing at the stove with his hand on his hip and and cooking . man standing outside holding food posing for photo an old woman sits on a couch and smiles with kids
it is [female] 's welcome home party . she had been visiting family in location , but now has returned to location . the party was located at a local bar . [female] loves this bar and considers it her home . many people have turned out for the party . [female] is trying to get [female] 's attention . [female] and some of her friends have a good laugh . she is happy to be back home and in location . time for arm wrestling . [male] says he is the champion for this competition .
a girl that is standing in the crowd of the hall . a fan is in the back of a dark room above view of a woman next to another woman . two women are laughing with each other at a bar . a man and woman are holding hands and smiling
[female] is throwing a party for her friends . her friend [female] grabs a drink and starts to drink . [female] is posing for a picture with [female] . [female] starts getting a little wild . she challenges all the guys to arm wrestling contests .
an asian woman with short hair standing behind a group of people having a conversation . an exit sign and a fan in darkness a woman holding something green , with another woman wearing a reddish scarf . two women in a restaurant or bar looking at each other and laughing . a man and a woman arm wrestle each other on a table .
a girl went out to meet some friends at the bar . when she arrived it was very dark inside . the girl asked around to see if anyone had seen her friends . she looked around some more and finally saw her friends laughing together in the corner . two of her friends were even arm wrestling !
a young woman is facing away from people and smiling at the camera , but her eyes look a little scared . a view of a dark entrance with lighted exit sign and a fan . a girl with brown hair is seen from above . two women sitting laughing and talking with each other . two people arm wrestling and smiling at eachother
took a trip to see a different side of location location and headed to location . they were offering medical marijuana in plain daylight . i thought about getting a tattoo but decided i had better wait . i found my way into a shop with all sort of crazy things . i ended the day with a beautiful shit at sunset . it was a very interesting trip .
shirtless men stand outside in the tropical sunset . a man holding a sign about medical marijuana a row of shops one of which is a tattoo parlor . lingerie and underwear are on display in an adult themed store . a man is taking a photo of a sunset with his smart phone .
yesterday , we went to a festival . there were lots of people there . most of them were just having fun and doing their thing . we saw many shops open for business . with all the lights , it definitely was a festive occasion .
shirtless male humans displaying their physique in public a man is holding a sign about medical marijuana evaluations . a man looks with interest at a henna tattoo tent . the swimsuit was cleverly display in the unique shops . a man that is in a grey hoodie and holding a camera .
last week i visited location beach . there were people on the beach selling medical marijuana . and places to get tattoos ! my favorite store sold funny tshirts . the sunset on the beach was breathtaking , i had to take a photo .
the men are outside at the beach wearing no shirts . a man is holding up a white sign picture of tattoo stand and food for sale . a store full of bras , panties and other things . man taking a photograph of a sunset at night .
[male] and [female] were newlyweds on their honeymoon . [male] was happy to see the beautiful scenery . [female] liked discovering hidden areas . they found a secluded beach but the waves were to violent . so they went to somewhere more mainstream and enjoyed the peacefulness of the island .
the man and woman are surrounded by the mountain skyline a man is looking back at the camera in a green field a strange bridge over a small stream in a heavily wooded area . the ocean waves are very choppy as they hit the beach . the ocean is by the sandy beach and green trees .
we took a trip to the mountains . we took a break to enjoy the view . this was a structure we were unfamiliar with . the waves crashed violently . lastly , we got a better view of the waters .
young couple stand at overlook high above valley . the man enjoys sitting on the cliff edge over the lush grass and tree covered mountains . the tree structure is in the middle of the forest . there are waves crashing against the rocks . the beautiful coast line on clear day as seen from the hill side .
we have always enjoyed travelling to far away places . with so many opportunities to enjoy unique experiences . many times , even the places we stayed provided new experiences , like sleeping in bunk beds . we also enjoyed staying in places where we were able to gather with other visitors and share stories . with so many sites to see , it always seems like we have to leave far too soon .
a boy and girl stand in front of a black fence at a scenic overlook . a man sits on a rock above an expansive view of the top of the mountain . an old wooden bridge in a lush green forest waves crash on the face of a rocky cliff by the sea . a perfect view of the ocean over the mountains
it was to be a day on the beach . i did not know what to think , but i know that we had a good time . here she is . my lover and the person that i care about the most . she looked so good on the water . she took the camera from me . here i am right after she took it . she took some photos of the beach , and waves . it was such a gorgeous day . we had such a good time that day . here is a selfie while she was kissing me .
the bare feet of two different males . woman dressed in a blue sweater and beige pants standing in a beach a man is alone on the beach carrying his shoes . the beach is peaceful and the waves are not to big today . the couple is standing on the beach and she is kissing his cheek .
this morning [male] and i went for a walk on the beach . the weather was great and made for a beautiful start to the day . [male] insisted on getting his toes wet , as usual . it is so peaceful watching the waves come in and the sun come up . what a great way to start the morning , at the beach with my [male] .
the two people are standing barefoot in the sand . a person that is standing near the shore . a barefooted man walking along the beach is wearing a aqua colored shirt a crashing wave rolls toward a sandy beach the man gets a kiss while he is taking a selfie .
we went to explore a local beach . the water was clear but cold . further inland , there were some old brick buildings . i took a picture of my friend in front of one of them . i also took a picture of one of them from far away .
two people who are barefoot on the carpet a red haired lady standing barefoot at the beach in a sweater and rolled up trousers . [male] was wishing he had been more prepared for a day at the beach . a scenic portrait of a wave coming ashore on the beach . a woman is giving a smiling man a kiss on the cheek .
first the lady crossed the street . then another lady crossed the street . a third lady just stood by watching . so a fourth lady crossed . and then came a woman on a bike .
a woman in a red coat holding two kids walking in the street two women are standing on the side of the road . woman and dog crossing street in metropolitan area . a bicyclist has many items attached to his bike . two women walking in public in cold weather .
i am spending the day people watching while my wife shops . first up , this matching family . i like this lady 's boots . i wonder if he is their owner or just a dog walker . it is not everyday you see a dog dressed as superman . my wife approaches empty handed , i am thinking this guy bought everything already .
a woman is crossing the street with two little boys holding her hands . the man dressed in black and the woman in purple tights both wore red hats . a woman wearing a heavy coat walks her dog across the street . a man riding a bicycle across the street . two women walking on the sidewalk with coats on .
we took a walk through the city . we found a lot of fun couples . there was some cute dogs out today . there 's been a lot of people down on their luck lately . luckily there are a lot of people out there that help others .
a parent and two children in winter clothes crossing the street . two people that are standing on the sidewalk . a women in full winter clothing walks her dog across the street . 1 person dressed for winter riding overloaded bicycle two women walking down the street in winter wear .
i went to the farm last weekend . the drive was long but i saw a boat in the canal . there were many flower fields . i stopped at one of them . i stayed there for an hour picking flowers .
an expanse of green fields stretch into the distance , against a hazy , indistinct sky dotted with connecting power lines at the far horizon . yellow flowers have been grown on the farm and the farm has been fenced rows of blooming plants on farm with stone walkway outside of fence . the long field is covered in rows of bright red flowers . the lawn in front of the house is green.|the lawn in front of the house is green.|the lawn in front of the house is green.|the lawn in front of the house is green.|the lawn in front of the house is green.|the lawn in front of the house is green.|the lawn in front of the house is green .
we went on a drive through the country . and saw beautiful flowers . and more beautiful flowers . and even more beautiful flowers ! then we got to the big house .
a train is in the distance heading down a track . view of a field of yellow flowers surrounded by chain link fencing . a field of purple , yellow , white and red flowers in lines a field full of red roses are displayed . a nice three story brick house with a black metal fence .
the green pastures were open and lush . the boat arrived on the river bank . out our window , we were able to see a very broad amount of land . the river stream was very long . there were many red roses in the field .
the scenery appeared desolate and bleak during the overcast weather . a field full of flowers behind a chain fence . rows of brightly colored flowers stretch into the horizon behind a fence . large grouping of red flowers at an outdoor area . a brown house that is next to the street .
[female] and [male] take a selfie before their hike . they first stop at the lake . then , [female] reads a stone to see if it has any cool info . they get close to the bridge they want to cross . they get tired from the walk and decide to eat .
a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves . a gental stream flowing through the autumn trees . a person stands reading a plaque in front of a fence . a picture of a tree and bridge are displayed . a woman has a snack during a walk in the forest .
the young couple took a hike to view the old stone houses in the woods . the scenery was very relaxing with a gently flowing river . the woman was fascinated reading about the history of the buildings . a picturesque bridge allowed the travelers to cross the river . all this hiking makes a girl hungry and the orange tasted great .
a man and a woman are out hiking on a sunshiny day . despite the drought afflicting the area , the creek seemed to be doing quite well . a person in the leafy fall woods looking down at a stone plinth and reading . a small bridge runs over a creek , surrounded by trees on all sides an unhappy woman caught eating an orange on trail .
my wife joined me on my morning hike . she brought a really fuzzy cap for protection . i gave her the okay with some nifty hand signs . we arrived at our destination very quickly . we took the route along the lake back home .
a couple is photographed in a forest . a stream meanders through a wooded area in the fall . a person that is reading a sign in the park . bridge over a stream caught in autumn with leaves falling all around the stream a woman eating fruit taking a rest in the woods .
we had a birthday get together at a local comedy club for [male] . since we had known him since we were all kids , we thought `` operation '' would be a great game to get for him , since we all used to play it at his house as children . and since his mom is a bingo fanatic , we got that too , telling him that soon he would be hitting the bingo parlors . his brother flew in from location and had a great time as well . the improv comedy was a little ... weird . but everyone seemed to enjoy it .
men sitting in a dark room with martini glasses . a board game name operation sitting on the table with beers in the background . the bingo game is on a box on the table . the young man is satisfied with his life situation and his expression reflects that gratification . a group of people that are performing on stage .
[male] and his friend are out for a drink . they order some food to eat . [male] is really having a good time . they sit down and watch as a show is performed . the show is really risque but they seem to really like it .
group of men sitting in a dark lit room drinking together . a classic children 's board game , operation , sits ready for another round of playful fun making kids jump with its cacophonous buzz . a game of bingo is on top of a wooden and metal table . the man is sitting by a window and wearing glasses . a man has fallen off the stage as he is performing .
we all gathered at the bar . it was game night there , so bound to be a good time . my favorite was we were going to play bingo . he was pretty happy that he won the first round . one guy fell off the stage from drinking a little too much .
a man and his friend sitting at a bar with drinks . a board game is sitting on a table various items laying on a table with a light on a man wears a white shirt as he sits near a window . a person laying on their back on a floor with arms and legs spread
as the sergeant at arms of the club , he had to carry the flag . while he was honored to carry the club 's flag , he knew it gave him a distinct disadvantage . many of the club members advanced ahead of him . but a few stayed back with him . he was glad to reach the finish line .
group of men taking place in an event called the `` 21st annual law enforcement torch run '' . the men were actually running in protest of something participant showing joy at outdoor running event on roadway . sevearl men wearing the same shirt and shorts running down the street . adults running on street during outdoor daytime event .
i got the hold the flag for our group on the run today . we were all proud to be there , especially [male] . he was the most excited . eventually , most of us got tired though . [male] was leading our pack during the run .
men are wearing shirts and holding tan poles a group of men wearing white and green shirts are running . this man running the race mugs for the camera in his racing t-shirt . men running in their white tee shirts and green log for cause . the peopl are dressed in the same outfit and aere runing through the fiedld
waving the flag to the 21st annual law enforcement torch run . running a race for a good cause . a group of runners running together . women and men of all size , race , and shape running together . pushing to reach the finish line .
people wearing green and white shirts marching through the streets . a group of men wearing matching white shirts run while holding a flag runners going down a city street wearing the same t-shirt . adult men running in roadway with traditional flag . people are running down the street in the middle of a race .
i arrived just as it was starting to get dark to view the ice sculptures . i love this snowflake design . look at the bronzed [male] brown character . this one looks very delicate . i hope it lasts until judging . here is the last one to see . i love seeing these designs .
ice sculptures are put out in the park in front of the buildings . evening image of a decorative snowflake that is displayed outdoors around trees . small golden statue sitting on a park bench an ice sculpture that looks like two trees in a field of snow . the number # 6 is on an orange sign in front of it . picture of ice sculpture contest during winter time .
i would be smiling to if i carved that ! another very creative carving . a snowflake ! a lot of folks came out despite the cold ! this was on the last day .
the ice sculpture has roman numerals and a snow flake a shot of a snowflake made of metal a statue reads a book from its position on a bench . an ice sculpture is marked as number six in a competition . an elaborate ice sculpture labeled with a number 5
the ice sculptures in the park were beautiful and detailed . they were carvings of different snowflakes . one looked like a leaf . there was a bronze statue on the bench nearby , watching it all . other sculptures formed a gate . and still others were of animals .
the ice sculptures are on display at a downtown location . ice sculpture of snowflake under trees with no leaves . a sculpture of a peanuts character reading a book on a full sized bench in winter . the ice scruptures are beautiful and snow is ver deep ornate ice sculpture featured outdoors for judging in winter .
i wanted to build a dune buggy with this engine i had laying around . i assembled the speedometer and other gauges for the dash area . some comfortable seating was added . now i just need to add these tires to it . [female] ! now i can go have some fun !
a motor sitting on the floor in a shop or garage . the gauges inside of a taken apart car . a dune buggy is under construction as the black rubber seats are placed . two old tires on the floor under a toolbox a dune buggy sits in a garage with palm trees in the background .
included in this buggy is this newly rebuilt motor . this will rev up your fun while off roading . stamped aluminum surrounds the gauges giving it a nice finished look . the buggy seats two , with form-fitting seat , and a four-point rollbar . two extra wheels and tires will allow for quick repairs while out in the field . as buggies go , this one is awesome . it even includes headlights for nighttime fun .
a gasoline engine sits on the floor of a garage by two toolboxes . wires are pugged into a stainless steel surface this is a picture of two old car seats black in color two tires sit next to each other on the floor . a jeep that is parked has an orange color theme .
the deadline for the automobile competition was nearing . our team was getting nervous because we had nothing but the basic framework completed . we then added seats and tested the traction of different tires . afterward we worked on the engine before calling it a day .
a metal object that stands in the middle of the room . gauges lies in the metal compartment whose wires are exposed . an empty go kart that is not completed yet in a garage two tires laying on the grey cement ground a dune buggy with large wheels is sitting in a cluttered garage .
i went for a walk yesterday . there were a lot of signs posted . i could n't read some of them . when i got to downtown i kept walking . i saw the church in the distance .
greenery is grown near the busy business complex . a woman wearing a green shirt and jeans walking between vehicles in a parking lot a collection of people crowded in a white room staring in the same direction . several people standing together , looking the same direction . the man is taking in front of people at a press conference .
a meeting was to be held at a local building . the people arrived on time to discuss the future of their community . the people gathered in a big group inside the building the building was too small , so the people moved outside . a man gave a speech outside letting everyone know what would happen .
large building with framed structure behind it off roadway . woman navigates through rows of cars in parking lot at outdoor event . people that are directing their attention to the front of the room people trying to get inside the establishment and they are waiting outside a gentleman standing in front of a group of people outside in front of a microphone .
the narrow roads made it difficult for travel . the welcomed us with a banner hanging across . we know that the next town would be a little farther . their attractions were better though . they also had better parking .
a large brick building and parking structure is on the side of the highway . this image is a woman walking to a building a group listens raptly in a hot room full of people . crowd of people waiting outside a large building . a man stands in front of a crowd and talks into a microphone .
the tourists started there day by taking a walk . then they took the train sight seeing . they saw some incredible old buildings . then they saw a small pier . after that they went downtown to shop .
a lone bench sitting by the ocean . small blue train pulling into a station with people . a older church building with a bell on top a man in a blue shirt fishing into some surf by the dock . the view of the bridge on a good day .
i could sit here and watch the beach all day . taking the scenic railway ride . how interesting these buildings are . fishing by the breakers . this place is packed during the summer . we get to see it not so full .
an unused bench sits just off the beach . people sitting on a train that is at the station . an old white brick church building behind other buildings the man placed his fishing pole in the rocks . a lone man meanders down the boardwalk at the beach .
the park bench faced a lovely view . the parking lot was spacey and not very full . the building was painted white and had several stories . we enjoyed the area near the shore . in the helicopter , we were able to take a sky picture .
a vacant bench on the side of some water outside a small train with a group of people riding . two black wooden buildings sit beside a grey chapel . the mad in sitting on the ledge of the water with is fishing pole . a lone man walks along a checkered pedestrian path in a scenic town .
the city was very quiet in the day . but at night everyone was preparing for the big fireworks event . when it started it lit up the entire sky . the fireworks were coordinated and beautiful . afterward there was a lot of smoke in the air .
the sun sets behind a major city skyline . the city skyline at night near a body of water . a fireworks who is in progress over the city . the fireworks have the night sky lit up colorful a beautiful city skyline , is dampened by some smoke .
i was so excited to go to the city for the fireworks display . the buildings were all lit up with blue and red lights . the night was amazing . the show was great . so many big bursts of fireworks and lights . the finale was pink and lit up the whole sky . the smoke took a while to clear above the buildings from all of the fireworks .
a view of the city on a nice clear day . nighttime picture of downtown on the water with many lighted buildings a display of fireworks near the shoreline of a city . fireworks are going off in the night sky a large cloud is moving over the city skyline .
the city truly had an amazing skyline . that night the family went out to see the fireworks . they were only a few hundred feet away . and truly amazing too watch . everyone had a great time there .
skyline of a fairly large city in the distance . the water lights up in brilliant bright green from the reflection of the city lights . fireworks explode in the sky in a city on the edge of a river . a bunch of green fireworks are blowing up in the sky . a huge cloud is floating over a skyline
the night started off great with conversation over dinner he looks like he 's up to no good then things started to get interesting she wanted to make sure everyone heard her by standing on the table he created a custom made oven mitt
the group is sitting around the dinner table drinking wine and eating . a man holds his chin in his hand while another man and a woman smile for the camera . adult man hamming it up at indoor gathering with plenty of beverages . a woman is standing on a table and holding her arms out for balance the guy in the red sweater is wearing a green oven mit
an evening dinner with family and friends . looks like there is a toast being given . i think someone has had a bit to much to drink . two friends laugh a funny story someone is telling . look at the empty glasses and food , that was some get together .
a group of people that are eating together . the family members are posing together near the front door . the dinner was complete with plenty of beverages . a woman bending over in a pose on the top of a dinner table . a young man with two of his friends laughing about something .
we had our friends over for a little dinner party last weekend . a goofy bunch they are . they really had fun using the slime like stuff we made . they put it on their head , out their nose , and covering their hand . after we got all the silliness out of us , we had dinner and said good bye .
people are sitting at a long table with food and wine . a man with one eye closed is with an mn with glasses and a smiling woman . man and two women sitting at a dining table . a woman is gesturing and stepping on top of a table full of glasses and bottles . a couple laughing and talking at social gatherine .
this person has a shot glass from location location . great shot glass with the shark on the side . someone went to location location and brought back a shot glass . what happens in location stays in location . a double shot glass is always appreciated .
black coffee cup sitting on a brick in front of wood . a small mug sitting on top of a stone with writing on it glass of drink on a table top with wood background a glass plaque with gold coin in it placed on a table . a glass sitting on the banister against the wall
this is one of my shot glasses from location location . this one is from location location . this one reminds me of the time we visited the aquarium . in location location i got this glass at a souvenir shop . location location gave me this nice shot glass from one of the hotels . in location location i also picked up this hard rock shot glass .
a black mug with an a emblem sits on a seat cushion . a wood background with a cup reading grand canyon sitting on a piece of wood . a glass is covered with new orleans [location] signs a glass with a picture of a cruise ship on it . a show glass is shown with the print of a city on it .
my shot glass collection starts with my a 's baseball one . i have one from when i was in the army . the third one is from my time in location as a broke merchant . this one my papaw gave me last march . this one was a gift from grandmammy .
the mug sitting on the tile is black with a white initial of the letter a . [location] [location] [location] [location] memorabilia piece made of clay . a glass with a logo sitting on a cut stone . a souvenir shot glass from a carnival cruise line . a shot glass with liquid in it sits on the block .
on our first trip to location location , we had to take a day trip to location location . we had heard stories about the cyclone for years , and wanted to experience it ourselves . the huge wonder wheel was our next target , and it did not disappoint . this was one of the coolest ferris wheels we had ever been on . we ended the day with a walk on the beach beside the rides . what an awesome place .
people are crossing the street in crowds coverd of umbrellas people are gathered around and looking over the edge of the pier people stand on a pier over a body of water with tall buildings in the background . a ferris wheel stands still against the blue sky . a wooden rollercoaster called the cyclone at [location] amusement park .
i went with some friends to visit the amusement park at location location . we walked down the old boardwalk to the rides . the boardwalk juts out over the water at the pier . my friend insisted on riding the old ferris wheel . i was personally excited about riding the cyclone , one of the oldest roller coasters in the world .
it 's a very busy day at the fair , and the ferris wheel looks inviting . a boardwalk during the day is filled with people . a group of people are gathered on the end of a pier . the ferris wheel is colorful and empty at the moment . roller coaster at [location] called cyclone number 76 ride .
our day at location location before it became no more . the roller coaster we came for- the famous cyclone . the wonder wheel made us wonder why we went on that ride . we didnt feel so good after that one . no trip would be complete without a feris wheel ride . the day ended with a walk along the beach .
a busy boardwalk and ferris wheel welcome many visitors . the wooden board walk is crowded with people . picture of people standing on the harbor over a large body of water a tall ferriswheel going far up into the sky . the cyclone at [location] brags a speeding rollercoaster , as we see its passengers dipping down a particularly steep slope .
there was a large gathering planned for our band today ! such a great night out . we thought it was going to rain , but thankfully did n't . [male] was belting his heart out on the songs throughout the night . [male] looked really great with his outfit . at the end of the night , we thought it was a successful outing .
the people sitting in the chair is listening to the band . the band is on the stage playing for the crowds . a group of musicians playing music together outdoors this musician closes his eyes as he sings for the crowd . a large wooden deck with chairs laid out at night .
we setup for our gig that evening . we had a sound test before the gig . our rhythm section was really on fire that night . me and our lead guitar player played really fun songs that the audience loved . at the end we pulled out an accordion for our last song .
a few blue chairs are empty while the band plays . two singers holding a guitar on a stage . a small band is playing on a stage outside a man on stage , loudly singing into a microphone . people standing around a lighted outdoor area with lighthouse .
people are coming to the band while they play their song . they are going to start to perform their song . then they start and play they guitar as they sing . one person out the group is into his song while singing it . the sun is setting and everyone is sitting out watching them perform .
a band playing in a gazebo to a few fans . a band playing performing while playing their instruments a group of middle aged musicians playing a set a man sings the new song he just wrote . a down with a lighthouse during dusk time .
here is everyone getting on the boat . they are eager to start their journey across the water . this lake area is very polluted , but the trees and shrubs look very nice . this person is looking at the bridge and enjoying the view while on the boat . these people are gathering on the grass and telling stories to each other . a furry animal emerges . he is looking for food and entertainment . he hopes to make new friends .
a small group of people riding on a boat on a lake brown muddy water lined with full trees and bushes a woman is sitting on a silver vehicle roof and gazing at a green bridge under a cloudy , blue sky . three smiling young adults are sitting in the grass , while a fourth stands nearby holding some papers . a furry animal is resting in the grass near a human .
this was the beginning of our trip down the river . the quiet of nature was wonderful . we were all excited to just relax and enjoy the water . of course , we stopped for a quick picnic . someone brought this guy along with us on the river , but we all thought it was a blast .
people are on a blue boat in the water a body of calm water with a bank of trees . sitting on top of a car getting some sun by the bridge . people sitting and standing in the grass laughing together a brown stuffed animal is on the ground next to a person .
the family decided it was a great day to spend at the lake . they had a boat in a rented slip there . they took fishing gear . although not everyone had their swimsuits , they still enjoyed the sun and beautiful sky . afterward , the entire family enjoyed a cook out in the back yard .
a group of people sitting on a boat in the water . the river is almost overflowing into the forest . a female sitting on a blue-colored dock staring beyond the bridge . people sitting around in the grass laughing together a small brown animal on the ground next to a lady 's legs
the ocean is bright blue surrounded by rock . there is a small amount of sand surrounded by water and land . the sand is clear and there are no people on the beach . the rocks are for the most part small but there are some that are larger . there are small buildings where people live on the edge of the beach .
the sky above the water is blue in colour . several people are walking down a beach with dark sand . a beautiful view from the shores of a beach with mountains in the distance . a large gray stone is nested in a bed of pebbles . a couple shacks perched upon concrete foundations resting on a rocky landscape .
we had been on the beach for a long time , and we were getting tired . we stood there for a while , looking at the rocks a bit and looking at the islands in the distance too . we were there on trash collection duty , and we had a job to do . we did it , with a lot of looking around and far less work than we should have . as everything started to darken around us , we worked less and less and stared at the water more and more . we felt lazy , but it was fine . we decided to stay until the beginnings of twilight , and light a fire on the beach . we got a little spooked and headed home early , but we were glad to have been out there .
blue , buoyed water leading to large rock formation a shore that is near the waters and the mountain . the water is so calm and inviting with no one in it . they smell granite rock amongst many pebbles on beach small buildings up against a large hill surrounded by many boulders .
the beach was so beautiful today ! i did n't see anyone else out there . i enjoyed the peaceful morning . i found some interesting shells and rocks . it was so peaceful and beautiful !
the lake is serene and blue , and is dotted with colored buoys . a large stretch of beach with the ocean on one side and a cliff on the other a rock that is on a sandy area . a huge grey rock with a lot of little different color pebbles around it . a tin building sits upon rocks next to a cliff .
we are headed out to the field today to work . before we leave , we have a metting on what we are going to do . after the meeting we get all our stuff togther . we check the van to make sure there is no issues . finally our debriefing we head off to work .
a sign advertising for bio diesel for something . two men stand outside of a van , one works with a tool and another man sits in a van . the spanish information board shows a flow chart and a graph to a man and lady viewer . a small table with people outside eating dinner . clouds covering the tops of large hills at dusk outdoors .
there is a biodiesel demonstration in town . they will show people how biodiesel is made . there will also educational information about how much more energy efficient biodiesel is . a buffet will be offered to participants . hopefully , by raising awareness , the location can become a better place .
biodiesel sign that is white with yellow flowers . a man sitting in a truck and watching two other men repair a mechanical part . two people look at a board containing technical information . a delicious looking picnic as they cook their tortillas outside . the moon is rising above the desert mountains .
my class is studying biodiesel . we are investigating how it can be used in more vehicles . we made presentations . somebody even brought snacks ! it is important to have good fuel in such a mountainous area !
a large sign contains the word biodiesel embossed above two entwined sunflowers . three men smile as one works with a piece of machinery next to another man 's vehicle . an expert explaining the technology to the woman . two people enjoy a meal of mexican food outside . the moon hovers over brown mountains while the sun lingers close to the horizon .
my boyfriend and i tried a new restaurant last night . i had the scallops and they were great . he had a fish dish that he liked . desert was beautifully presented and was delicious . we decided that we would eat there again .
people dining in a partially filled fancy restaurant . high quality photo of elegantly plated , candlelit meal , spoon on side two scallops have been plated in some kind of sauce . the tower ls lite up at night time chocolate pieces are on a plate next to wine glasses .
i had a great time at the restaurant yesterday . i ordered so many delicious dishes . they were very expensive though . afterward we were still hungry so we stopped somewhere else for some dessert . we ordered whole tray of chocolate fudge .
a man and woman sitting at a table for two in a restaurant . the egg sits gracefully in a small cup , topped with caviar . a plate with escargot on its surface is very fancy . a tall structure standing in a city overlooks a waterway . a collection of chocolate that is being served on a plate .
the restaurant we went to for our anniversary was very fancy . all of the dishes they had were very interesting . they served some of the best gourmet food in the city . it even has a very breathtaking view of the city line . even the deserts were fantastic , it was a very great experience .
a nice restaurant with red chairs and white tablecloths . a plate with some ice cream and a metal spoon the food placed on the plate in a brown sauce a picture of a tall unusually shaped lit up structure . a row of chocolate melts on a plate .
this is my car . it was in an accident . that made me sad . now i have to file a claim . i 'm not happy .
this picture is of a car that 's been damaged and is dented . a green automobile that has been crashed into . a green car covered in dirt with some damage on the front end . a car with a dented hood that 's surrounded by snow back of green [organization] [organization] with a large dent on bumper
report for insurance : at the rear end , everything below car 's brake light is unhinged . right brake light covers are missing . left headlight out of place and , on its right , angled upward , preventing trunk from closing . cover for right headlight is missing . supplementary picture .
a dent in the back fender of a car . a green car with a busted front end a dirty car is in the shop for service . a car that use some work on the hood . rear end of green car as seen in snow covered lot .
the car was initially hit from behind . it was then thrown into the truck stopped in front of it . this caused damage to both sides of the front end . the hood was so bent it did not close properly . the rear of the car was hit so hard that it buckled the trunk deck and dented the bumper .
a green car pulls next to the curb on an icy night . a green sedan with front end and hood damages . a car looks like it has run up on the median and popped its hood . a car with its front end smashed up . the dented back bumper of a green [organization] .
the final checklist for the graduation ceremony was completed . most of the faculty bothered to show up . the president gave a typically boring speech . finally , the paper is in my hand . meanwhile i want to get a phd from the school that guy went to -- fancy !
a large banner with many different people carrying it to promote their country people are marching down the street in colorful costumes to celebrate . women dressed in exotic and colorful outfits in the street . a woman is wearing a costume with a fancy pink and purple feathered back piece . the party revelers were having a good time drinking and dancing .
the location location happened this week . it was a huge event with tons of different costumes and participants gallivanting throughout the streets . some were a bit liberal with their costumes . others were a bit more rambunctious . the parade turned party that lasted well into the night .
colorfully clad people walk behind a banner in a parade a parade marches down a street . there are a lot of women in traditional clothing . a few women in ceremonial attire are standing near a fire truck . a woman wearing a black and gold outfit , with a large blue and purple feathering decoration attached to her back , stands in the middle of a road . a group of people dancing together on a green carpet .
today there was a festival in the french location location . they had a parade with colorful people . the parade lasted for a long time , spilling into different areas . beautiful women were walking everywhere . the party lasted well into the night .
a group of french [location] [location] marching on the street . the parade of people continued down the street alongside the car wash . scantily clad women walking and dancing in a parade ethnic woman walking on street dressed in magenta and purple feathers like a huge peacock friends are dancing with each other on the stage .
i took some pictures from my family 's bbq last weekend . we made hamburgers into little star shapes . my wife is ready for the attack ! my dad is trying to touch my food . do n't touch ! ! the sunset afterwards was so beautiful .
six or seven bottle rockets next to a specialty firework . the burgers are being grilled on the grill a woman has big forks with meat on them . an older man stands in the entry of a garage , manning his station at the grill . a man is standing in front of some saw horses at dusk .
my sister arrived early to help me with the family bar bq . every one else arrived soon after . dad manned the grill . there was so much food and it was all delicious . we ended the day shooting off some fireworks .
firecrackers and a chicken shaped firecracker sit on bricks . four meat patties sit on a grill and cook . young woman standing near a shed while holding two pitch forks a man grills food outside in front of his garage . a view of the sunrise over a backdrop of mountains .
we gathered up some fire works to set off at dark . we grilled some burgers that were oddly shaped . our friends trickled in one by one ! we got all the food on the grill to cook and ready to eat . the sunset was amazing that night !
these fireworks are ready for someone to have lots of fun . strangely shaped hamburgers are being cooked on a barbeque grill . one girl is holding two skewers with five hot dogs and one smile . a man with a hat standing next to a grill cooking some food with a spatula in his hand . a shadowy figure of a person observing the sunset
someone is coming to visit for the holidays ! let us go out and eat . it was more expensive than eating at home , but delicious . then , let 's go home and relax with alcohol . we can relax with your cat .
a train with lights is traveling down the tracks she gave the camera a very coy and sweet smile money on a table . a small dish with butter . a picture of a bottled drink on a countertop a siamese cat sitting on stairs that are decorated for the holiday 's .
after we got off the train it was already dark . we stopped in to a restaurant for something to eat because we were starving . we made sure to tip generously . afterward we went to the bar to have a few drinks . when we finished we went to the hotel to check in .
a large train parked in at the station in the night hours two women are seated in a booth at a restaurant . money sits on a restaurant table in front of patrons . a bottle of liquor sitting on a table . a cat is looking through the spindles on the staircase .
my sisters and i are traveling home by train in time for christmas we stop by a local eatery before heading back on the tracks . my sister left an awfully generous tip for the holiday server . on our way home we grabbed some craft beers . we were happy to see the decorations and our family kitty again .
a train with red light on the back leaves the station . two women seated at a table at a restaurant people sit at a brown wooden table wit cash laid out in front of them a bottle is sitting on a wood table a cat is sitting on a staircase that is decorated with lights .
the cape coast is going downhill after the storms . lots of damage to property in the storms path.. lots of debris on the beach fronts . much work is needed to be done to get things back to normal . i would love to see this beautiful area back to life .
water rises on a beach over flat rocks . a trashy looking mess of cinder blocks and old appliances . the glass windows of the house have been broken a vacancy sign reveals desperation on the part of the assignment . the effort of the organization meant that signs like this were everywhere .
i went to the beach last weekend . there was a lot of garbage there . some of the buildings were abandoned . they were vacant . there were signs posted throughout the town .
small waves lap the yellow sand and rocks of the beach . trash and debri litter the yard of the small deserted building . an house is missing windows and part of the wall . this is a picture of a vacancy sign a save the cape coast sign on a fence .
a storm came rolling in . the tide and wind caused great damage along the shore . the houses sustained much damage . it made vacant spaces much harder to fill . the community put out signs to raise awareness on how to show support in order to rebuild what was lost .
a fairly large log washing ashore on a dark and dreary day at the ocean . an area with sparse vegetation and abandoned items . a worn down building is showing signs of major dilapidation and disrepair in a neighborhood . a sign advertising vacancy with phone number for a euro apartment . political action sign is posted to seek support
our town had its annual family cycle races . my son [male] , even joined in . this was his first time riding in the race . [male] won a stuffed doggie for finishing second in his age division . he was more interested in the cotton candy his dad was getting him for being such a good boy .
two boys on a tandem bike with a volleyball net mounted the little boy in the stroller is smiling and he has several balloons . a young boy on a trike decorated with several balloons . a small boy holding a stuffed white and brown animal little boy on a tricycle looking off into the distance .
my neighborhood decided to do some fundraising for a good cause by entering a parade and building a float . we decorated bikes to ride with the float . many ages participated . the whole town came to watch . we were very tired after the parade , but raised some money !
two kids receiving help riding a tandem bike . a toddler with balloons on a toy tricycle . a toddler on a toy tricycle at an outdoor gathering . a young toddler holding a stuffed animal and balloons . the boy with the stuffed animal is in front of the balloons
the event was fun for the children . they enjoyed the balloons and other decorative items . each rode their mini bike in the exhibition . and received toys for their participation . the day was exciting for kids and parents .
young boys riding on the bike with the help of a man an image of a child sitting on a riding toy a young boy rides a tricycle with several attached balloons . a small boy holds a stuffed puppy dog . the boy is looking to see what is on the side .
the location , inc. christmas party started innocently enough . as the drinks started to flow , [female] from hr decided eating straight from the serving tray would be a good idea . the accounting department began to mix all the available booze together into bowls , daring others to take a drink . [male] from sales decided that [female] the receptionist should pick that moment for his long awaited hug . [female] , who never smiles , was greatly amused and became very boisterous as the drinks continued to flow .
friends relax and chat over a variety of wines while waiting for their meal . a girl sitting in the chair and eating a cake a curly haired woman talks while two men at the table are listening intently . a woman with curled hair leaning on a man 's shoulder . a lady smiles at the camera after having too much to drink
a group of friends went to a bar . they ate dinner . they drank lots of wine . you were allowed to smoke there . everyone had a great time .
three women sitting at restaurant table with glasses of wine in front of them two woman at a table , with drinks and food , one woman with fork in meat on a platter . a group of people eat dinner at a table a woman and a man are posing for a picture together . a happy woman has her picture taken while out with friends .
my coworkers and i wanted to celebrate the new contract , so we went out to dinner ! we enjoyed some really great food . we reminisced about good old times and told jokes ! some of us might have drank too much . our boss even drank a little !
people sitting at a table socializing at a restaurant . a woman is reaching for food on a wooden platter . the lady in green has a large bowl in front of her a woman wearing pink eyeshadow poses with her husband . a woman has a big smile on her face .
there were a lot of kids at the party yesterday . they had a great time eating food . they also made gingerbread houses . they had a great time . afterward we went to go see the christmas parade .
the three boys are hanging out together inside . a group of small kids sitting in the chair people are seated around a table with many bowls of food the christmas decorations are on the counter with red lit candles . a group of people standing around a man dressed as [location] .
the little boys are chattering together as boys do . it looks like the children are gathered to make gingerbread houses . of , course , mom has to keep and eye on things . the table is already decorated for christmas . location decides to make a surprise visit .
the children are deep into conversation about something . children learn to decorate gingerbread houses using various candies . a family is gathered around the table making gingerbread houses . a bunch of christmas ornaments are on top a heater . people waiting to get a turn to sit on [location] 's lap
i love preparing for christmas with the kids ! we always make gingerbread houses . of course , there 's as much candy eaten as decorated with . when the houses are done , the kids ask me to judge them . i always say they are all a tie . everyone gets excited when we pulled out all the old decorations . and of course , there 's going to meet location ! i am so glad all the kids still believe !
a group of boys are talking about something to one another . children building gingerbread houses at a dining room table . several children are learning to make gingerbread houses the counter is decorated with a vast array of snowmen . a group of people that are enjoying the holidays .
it 's very hot in the desert hence the head covering and sunglasses . two friends meet in her native country . a picture with the village children . learning to ride a camel is tricky . a nighttime horse ride is relaxing .
a man in sunglasses and a cloth on his head in the desert man with cloth wrapped around head standing with woman a group of people smile and laugh in front of the camera . the woman is riding a camel through the desert . two people are sitting on horses ( one horse is mostly borwn , one horse is white and brown ) at dusk .
here is a picture of me in the desert ! i met this beautiful woman and she agreed to take a photo with me . here i am with the local children after a game of football ! later , our tour guide recommended a ride on the camels . we went riding for our last activity of the night , it was surprisingly cool !
a young man wearing sunglasses and head protection poses for a selfie . a woman with dark hair and a man in sunglasses smile for the camera . a camel is in the background . a group of young children pose with two adult men . a woman mounts a prone camel in the desert , for pain soon . two men riding a brown and white horse
it was my last day in location . i tried to convince this beautiful lady to come back home with me . i met with some of the local children for one last good bye . i decided to take one last final camel ride . my brother came and got me and told me it was time to head back to the hotel and get ready to go to the airport .
a man with glasses that is in the desert . a woman with a big nose is with a man with a shirt wrapped around his head . a couple of volunteers posing with a bunch of smiling children . the lady is getting on the camels back in the desert . the boys are riding horses in the mountains .
three friends look on over a massive table of beer . they fill their glasses and give a toast . after drinking , the food arrives . they then drink some more to wash the food down . a news crew arrives later on to interview the party-goers .
three men are standing behind a table with bottles on it . the people are clinking their glasses of white wine together . a man is holding up a plate with a stack of pita bread a couple drinks wine together by interlocking their arms . a man talking to a news reporter outdoors
while i was at dinner yesterday i was interviewed . i told them that i really like the restaurant . afterward we bought some drinks and toasted . our food was delicious . it 's my new favorite restaurant .
three men standing around a table with lots of drinks . they are all posing a toast with wine look at how big it is , i better eat up . a couple with linked arms drinking from a glass . a woman interviewing a man sitting at a table .
a news reporter came by to our party . my brother 's friend , [male] , trying to open the bottle of champagne . my brother and a group of friends toasting , before taking meal . during lunch we had baked bread and grilled chicken . [male] and his girlfriend laughing at each others ' jokes .
three men stand behind a large number of alcoholic beverage containers . people are clinking their wine glasses together for cheers a man carrying a plate with flat bread the two have interlocked arms and are drinking from their glasses . a couple are being interviewed by the press on how the food they eaten tastes
winter time in location means trail riding . sometimes i like to show boat a bit . but it 's also fun to get a little bit of speed going now and again . i went for the jump . it seemed like i was in the air for ever . do n't worry i stuck the landing like a boss .
a panoramic view of a city and the water the man has the bike on only one wheel . just a quick picture of the downhill part of the trail . a man is riding a bike outside in the dirt a man jumps a bicycle on a mountain bike trail .
[male] is going for a bike ride in the mountains . [male] getting big air on his bike in the mountains . [male] is really having the time of his life on this bike ride . [male] heads back down the trail to get to his house . [male] does one more big jump to get back to his home .
clouds dot the sky on a blue day above a scenic body of water . a man is riding a bicycle down a hill . a man is riding a bike down a dirt hill . a man on a bike riding on a dirt road course the jumps were smooth and very good at boosting you into the air .
on a bright and sunny day it looks good for a bike ride . so that`s just what this individual did this morning . he and his friend decided to go riding on a dirt trail . they had fun all day riding their bikes . doing jumps and tricks are the best things to do .
a couple of bushes obscuring the view of the city . a person is popping a wheelie on his bike down a hill . a man in pads is riding a bike down a hill . the mountain biker jumps highly into the air . the man ion a bicycle is jumping over the fence
it 's a big day for [female] because she turns ten . some friends get there early and they sit around the table . more guests eventually arrive and bring gifts . finally [female] gets to open all her presents and have cake . a lot of the girls had to leave early but [female] does n't mind spending time with a just a few .
a young girl wearing a colorful cap sorting through paper plates . the kids at the party are all seated at the table for snacks . girls are setting around a table that has snacks . a group of kids gather around the table at a birthday party . girls sitting at a birthday decorated table with green tablecloth and cups and small individual cakes .
she was so exited for her birthday . all of her friends from school came by to celebrate . the party was a lot of fun . the kids sat around and talked to each other . she had the perfect birthday and she was so happy .
a little girl wearing a plaid cap and holding paper plates . she was having fun at the party that day children are seated around a table at a party . a little girl 's birthday party . lady bug cupcakes . a child sitting at a table looks towards the camera .
it was my little daughter 's birthday . she invited a bunch of her little friends . they played board games in the living room . i drove them to the movies before too late . they were all having such an awesome day !
a girl grabbing some plates next to a duck . three children having fun as candy and appetizers are littered around the table . eight children and one adult sitting around a table containing cupcakes , decorations and cups . children party with five girls , beetles cup cakes , yellow streamers , happy birthday table decoration young girls have fun while they create at the table .
i took the entire class to the lake to plant some trees . they were all prepared for us when we got there . there was a frog there as well . i showed the class how to do it . they were very excited .
a group of people that are next to each other . people in yellow shirts and beige shorts are in the marsh . a group of people bending down and working with plants . the tide is low today so you are able to walk out far on the beach . a swampy , sandy area of water and foliage .
talking to the group about environmental values of plants . ready to be planted on the ground . we saw a little frog . taking the plants out of pots and planting them . planting by the water .
several people standing on a beach by the ocean they all were excited to enjoy the experience . a group of guys plant soem plants in a field a swampy wetland has people milling about in the background . four people in background looking at the swamp land
group getting together and planning out a habitat near the water . large amount of people excited to take part in giving back to nature . some of the group planting some plants near the water . this is what it looks like after everyone finished planting . this area is crucial to bugs , frogs , turtles and other life such as waterfowl .
the waterside was busy with people looking for things along the shoreline . a large group of people that are all wearing yellow shirts . a group of people work in the mud planting grass-like plants . rocky beach with tall grass growing on it a beach that harvests local wheat and rice patties .
the student was really happy about the road trip she was taking with a fellow classmate , and she enjoyed taking photos of the freeway they were traveling on . when the classmates pulled up to a toll booth , they both fumbled in their wallets for dollar bills to pay the toll . when the classmates came upon a bridge that they both remembered from childhood , one of them snapped a quick picture of he bridge for posterity . neither of the students had seen snow before , and were really happy to find it snowing during their trip . as soon as they came upon a rest stop , they stopped the car and got out to walk around and marvel at the snow .
big trucks fill a highway on a gray , rainy day . a grey car goes through a toll booth on a rainy day . a car is driving on the interstate while going over a bridge a thin layer of snow covers the ground while a thick layer of fog surrounds the trees . two wooden structures are standing in the snow
on my way back home to location in this frigid weather . roads looking pretty slick as i can get to the toll booth . nothing but gray skies as i cross the bridge . took a little rest stop to take in the scenary . the white snow looking marvelous as i snap some pics .
vehicles are driving on a highway with dark sky 's above them . grey car going through a turnpike on a rainy day . a freeway that goes over a bridge and is marked by green , white and orange signs . the ground has snow atop of it and it is foggy in the sky . snow has footprints in it on a hazy cold day
it was rainy when [female] started her trip . she drove for hours and passed some toll roads . the sky continued to darken . all of the trees that she passed were bare . the park was dark and snow covered ; [female] thought that it was beautiful .
driving down the highway while is raining a `` cars only '' section on the highway road , with cars pictured freeway exit signs for des moines taken from the front passenger side of a vehicle . gray and cloudy weather with some snow on the ground . a foggy morning at a snow covered park grounds .
i got on my skateboard yesterday to ride around town and take some pictures . i was in the fast lane . i also did some tricks in the intersection . there were many cars on the road at the time . i decided to skateboard with them .
a man stands on a skateboard in the street in front of a restaurant . a male skateboarder navigates through a congested city street . a man that is wearing a jacket and skateboarding on the street . vehicles are waiting at a stoplight on a city street . a guy skateboards along the white line on the road .
there are often skateboarders on the city streets . this might be a bit too dangerous . this man is ready to start exploring the city on his skateboard . he stops to do a little sight-seeing . this skateboarder has the street all to himself .
a boy standing on a skateboard next to the curb . [male] skateboarding through very busy traffic in a downtown area . man on skateboard on large city roadway with traffic . a city street with a bus lane and buildings on either side . a person is riding on a skateboard in an uncongested urban area .
let 's go skating through location . good times dodging cabbies in location location . riding through location . no buses in the bus lane . it 's the skating lane now . keep on the line and we do n't get hit .
a man that is standing on top of the skateboard . a man ridding down a busy city street on a skateboard . a man on a skate board on a street in a busy city . traffic ahead has been stopped by a red light . a person crosses where a k-rail and flashers separate a busy city street from a construction site .
this is an amazing little city even the mannequins are hot the town center is all lit up there is an ambiance of township and the coolest lighting you will ever see
a very big building that is lit up at night . a large poster for [location] [location] is on a street corner . a mannequin wearing a teal nightgown stands near a wall with cd & # 39 ; s . colorful lights illuminate the side of a cage on a dark rainy day a tall building with some lights on inside .
there was nothing like a live performance . location had always been a favorite . after a show , she would often window show . she loved the lights . it was a nice to stroll along the city streets and reflect on the show , the performers , the music .
a large and ornate building that is well lit with a silver high heel sign on the front . this is a night time photo of a city street at the entrance of a theater . the dress was amazing and the records were great to look at . the tall building is lighted up with several different colors . the center point tower is all lit up at night .
we were headed to see les miserables ! this is the beautiful building where the play will be shown ! she looks so amazing and pretty ! afterwards we checked out the sites of the city ! the city was so amazing and beautiful ! we had fun !
a building is lit up in the early evening . night scene with a theater advertising [location] [location] . a mannequin with big breasts showing off lingerie . the lights outside the building are very colorful . a big building that has bright lights on the top of it .
today was rivers first birthday . his grandmother helped him try his first piece of cake [male] wanted to eat some cake too . [male] opened his first present with excitement . both [male] and [male] played with the new toys .
a snowman birthday cake for a one year old the baby is curious about the object on the table . two adults each hold a baby on their lap top view of a little boy playing with a toy in the box . the little boys are on the carpet playing with a toy .
grandmother celebrating her grandson first birthday . playing with his own cake . mother and grandmother playing with the kids . playing with his new toy . walking to his grandfather .
nicely decorated cake served at table for birthday celebration . a woman with a baby in white on her lab leaning over a cake two children sit on adults laps looking at a cake . a baby playing with a new toy xylophone two toddlers playing with a musical toy on the floor
grandma [female] and baby [female] wanted to sit some place comfortable before the birthday cake was brought out . being that it was [female] 's first birthday we did n't want to get cake everywhere so [female] helped hold her back at times . a neighborhood friend and her baby decided to drop by to help us celebrate the day . once the kids had gotten their fill of cake they wanted to go play with some of the loudest toys in the house . dad caught one of the kids playing around with something he should n't have been and decided to take it from him .
[male] received a cake decorated like a snowman for his first birthday . a baby is about to blow out the candle on a cake . two women and two children are sitting at a table with two cakes . a baby is playing with a new toy piano that is still in the box . two small children play on a living room floor while adults sit and watch .
this easter we invited the whole family over for supper . i got out and fired up the grill first thing that morning . i slow roasted a large roast to make sure it was good and tender . then me , the wife , and our daughter got dressed up nice . it was so wonderful seeing everyone and gathering around the table to enjoy the delicious meal .
a dining table with all the utensils and napkins set . a large bowl with a cylinder in the middle that contains rocks . meat with herbs on top is cooking on a grill and it is smoking . three people sitting on a front porch in front of a blue door . a family sits together at the dinner table .
we were all set for easter morning ! our daughter begins the egg hunt . she organizes her egg collection after the hunt . we waited outside for the extended family . everyone had dinner together .
this dining set has multiple chairs and a flower set atop it . a piece of ice is placed inside an unlit grill some sort of meat is being cooked on a grill a man , woman , and child sit on the steps with one another in front of a door . seven people sitting around a long covered table .
easter dinner was at my house . i had the table set . my daughter was happily opening plastic eggs for the candy . she insisted on putting some aside for me ! we went outside to wait for our guests to arrive . when we all sat down to eat , everyone complimented me on my cooking !
the table is set with a tablecloth , napkins and silverware . the coals from the barbecue are ready for cooking a piece of seasoned meat cooking on an outdoor grill a man on a stoop with his arms around a woman who has a girl in her lap . a family of 8 is sitting down to dinner
the city lights are amazing ! everything was lit up and twinkled in the night . this is very interesting . i still have no idea what he was doing ! we all loved the asian decor . it gave everything a very regal feel . dinner was delightful . i love the food and all the interesting flavors .
several buildings are lit up on a dark city street . a large pointy building across the waters at night . a man with an asian outside on is stirring something with his hands . the desk has papers and a pen holder on it . four people sitting around a table filled with teaming food .
this was [male] 's first trip to location , and he loved the way things worked over there . he loved the architecture , and he loved the way the lights lit up the night . but most of all , he loved the rich culture and deep history behind the civilization .
a street is lit up by the buildings surrounding it a look from across the river at some different looking things . a man hand stirs some sauce and herbs in an asian pan on the street . office desk in large but casual room with decorative windows four people are sitting around a table where a meal is served .
during a night stroll , the tourists can see the city lighted up . from a distance , there is a tall tower . there are street vendors along the way selling food . the tourists decide to grab some dinner at a traditional style restaurant . the tourists are seated at a big round table .
six old building are lit up at night . the buildings light up the sea at night . an asian man mixing ingredients in a wok inset into a wooden counter . a desk and office setup sits in a large asian-style room . four people are seated at a round table covered with beverages and dishes of food .
celebrating his birthday at the park . his green alien gallons are floating away . eating pizzas at the birthday party . green spaceship cake for [male] . all the gifts are ready to be open .
a woman takes a photo of her boots while a frisbee is thrown at her close up of a bundle of green balloons with alien faces on them . a brown table has three boxes stacked on top of each other with the name [female] written on each one . a birth day cake with a ufo on it brightly colored decorations are arrayed with festively wrapped gifts on a picnic blanket .
the theme for wes ' birthday was aliens . i did pizza to keep it simple . doing it outdoors minimized the mess too . i chose the park . they all seemed to love it .
close-up view of a set of feet in boots . large green balloons with facial features drawn on flying in group . the two white cars are parked beside the house a ufo adorns a birthday cake for [male] . numerous wrapped presents and small blow up balls for a child birthday party .
it 's time for [male] 's alien-themed birthday party ! we 've been waiting for this day for a long time . first , some pizza to fuel the kids for their playtime ! we set out different shape and color cutouts so each kid ( and adult ! ) could make their own alien mask . what kid does n't love a playground ? after pizza , cake , and mask-making , the kids all took some time to run around on the playset and have fun together . everyone gathered for a picture , wearing their new alien masks , before it was time to head home . what a great afternoon !
a boy in a blue shirt throw a frisbee it was a big balloon lift off . i wonder what the aliens are thinking . three boxes are stacked on a table outside a birthday cake with a crashing ufo on top of it . several small inflatable balls lie on the ground near a picnic blanket holding several birthday presents .
there was a parade going through a town . the town was full of interesting art . people in costumes came marching down the road . people had colorful outfits . some were very unique and odd .
a large group of people are together between buildings . a bull that is in the middle of town by people . people with brightly decorated frames around their faces march in a parade . a woman dresses up for an event in orange and purple a woman dressed as a clock tower near a crowd .
today was the day . the big parade . everyone was there . the costumes were great . it was very festive .
a group of people that are walking in a busy street . could be a piece of art in a museum of a animals head . a bunch of women playing in a scene or something girl in a purple jacket and purple hat looking down a woman in a brown and white dress wearing a matching headdress .
the streets where packed with people this year . carnival was in full swing . they even had giant bull heads roaming around . some of the groups had themes . others where just colors , but all of them looked really neat . some people where solo . they always had the best costumes .
a very crowded intercity street with hundreds of people . a gray buffalo statue in the middle of a crowd . people with painted frames embellished with flowers in front of their faces walking down the street . lady and man with painted faces and purple outfits standing together . woman in long dress and clock hat in the street .
we started the day with my favorite ride . i love roller coasters too . sometimes we had to sit down & rest . we were not happy to see this sign . so it was off to the beach where we did n't need a bathroom & no one noticed .
people are gathered at astroland park during the day seven children on top of an amusement park ride a paintball place is set up inside of a city a shot of an amusement park that is near an ocean a crowded beach on a very dreary day with a fake tree .
today we went to location park . a cool amusement park by the ocean . the rides were fun . groups of children had come to join in the festivities . there was also a freak show which was very interesting . a lot of people crowded the beach . it was a hot day but cool by the water . this was a great day.it will be remembered forever .
a rocket is sitting on top of the businesses . the kids were excited and a little apprehensive about this ride the game has a live human target that you shoot at . a crowded beach is full of individuals taking a splash in the beach . several people enjoying a day at the beach
today we took the family to location park ! there was plenty of entertainment for the kids . as well as some more grown up activities for the adults . the turn out was massive with thousands upon thousands of people . we ended the day with a nice dip in the ocean at the beach aross the street .
people are gathering on a sunny day at [location] [location] . kids riding a ride at an amusement park . paintball guns lie on railing with targets set up in distance . a group of people that are near the shore of the beach . a beach has a crowd of people and a fake palm tree .
[male] drove into the city to eat at his favorite cafe . he arrived a little after lunch time was over . the cafe still had a few tables open , so he picked his favorite one . it looked over the sea , and the seagulls occasionally came to squawk at him . once his belly was full , [male] drove back out of the city that night .
vehicles on the bridge approaching an over pass this is a scene of the [location] [location] [location] . the view of the waters from a nearby restaurant . iron-wrought fence in front of body of water , many birds flying , others resting on the water green tinged photo of a metal bridge just before a storm
on sunday morning , we head to the shores for a nice relaxing day . i liked the fact that it was deserted on this beautiful sunday morning . we stopped by for refreshments and admire the beautiful scenery . as we were walking down , i noticed these beautiful seagulls , without them , it would n't feel at the shore when dinner approached , we decided to try this city island dinner with fresh seafood .
a picture of a bridge is being shown . a diner on the corner of a populated street several people are eating outside on picnic tables overlooking water . a view of a body of water with boats and birds a view of the bridge on the cloudy day with some sun coming in .
the overpass is the entrance to the little town we are visiting for the day . location location is where we decided to eat our dinner while eating we sat out on the deck , and watched all the birds . we had a wonderful time in this little town that we visited for a day .
a picture from a car driving across a bridge . cars are parked under the tree outside of the small town diner . several people eat at the tables by the water . this image is of a black metal gate , with birds fluttering around . signs on a green steel girder automobile bridge .
the abandoned prison on the outside of town is still standing . the methods use to keep the prisoners inside are still view able , like this barred windows . even thought the prison was very tall , they even put razor wire on the roof to stop prisoners from jumping off . the razor wire was super sharp , and a great deterrent . prisoners would always think twice before trying to cross over this deadly wire .
the olde building had old barbed wire to keep people up . vent with grating in middle of yellow brick wall . the top of a wall with lots of razor wire . a twisted barbed wire with a board sits against a blue sky barbed wire fence with blue sky in the background
there was bob wire along the roof line of the building . iron bars were welded to the inside window sills . there was also iron bars on the outside of the windows . the security of the building was intense . there was also barb wire along the surrounding fence of the building . no one was getting in or out .
a red building that overlooks the streets of the city . a grated air conditioner window on a yellow brick wall . coils of wire along the side of a wall or roof a barbed wired area with a piece of wood through it razor wire is photographed against a clear blue sky .
i bought an old house in the city , and went to look it over this weekend . the building was in good shape , but there were a lot of signs of needed security components . the building was surrounded by a wall with barbed wire on top . the wire was razor sharp , and was of the new type of wire . this wire could keep anyone from getting in or out .
brick building blocking view of industrial complex in background . an air conditioning vent is covered by some metal grilles . a yellow wall is topped with curling spiked wire set of barbed wire sitting on top of a fence razor wire on a fence around a secure facility
a beautiful date at a lakehouse the lounge seats outside the lake house where we held memorable late night reminiscing the lake house was a huge structure and we were free to roam as we pleased the outside of the lake house was very rustic and nostalgic when we first arrived at the lake house
beautiful water surrounded by pine trees on a day . long row of small outdoor couches under cover at night . the inside of a building is lowly lit and has no people an old wooden cabin in a wooded area advertises fish . a long wooden walkway with grass on either side leading up to a restaurant
i had such a good time at the lake last summer . the lodge nearby was very warm and cozy . there were hardly any other people staying there which was nice . the place was old , it has been up and running for almost 100 years . i hope i get to go back there soon .
the scenery was breath taking . we just stood for a long time taking it all in . several outdoor patio chairs are lined up together almost empty bar and restaurant at night with a row of chairs outside on the porch an image of a convenience store with benches a wooden building by a grassy field and a forest .
we are checking out the lodge to decide if we should have our family reunion here . it seems to have a lot of space and place for the kids to run . the hallways are nice and big . i love the look of the lodge , but the thing that finally decided it for us was the view of the lake . it is a gorgeous place and we are definitely having our family reunion here .
a large blue lake with trees on the shore . bamboo lounge chairs in a covered porch facing a grassy area . a couple lawn furniture lined up outside of a building . old tyme store with chairs lined up in front . the foot path to [location] [location] [location] [location] foot path to [location] [location] [location] [location] .
it is hard to decided which color to make my new bed covering and this yellow does not seem to match my room . pink is really not the color i am looking for either . this orange one seems nice but not really the color i seek . maybe a multi-color one would be good . yes , these multi-color ones will work perfectly .
a brightly colored mass of yellow thread hands on a piece of paper . a skein of pink yarn with a handwritten tag is lying on a white table . yarn of wool is orange , pink , white and red a knitted shape of yarn sits on a table . there are several different colors of yarn twisted together
yarn comes in many different colours that help people be very creative with their creations . my grandmother knits frequently and for the longest time she was the only person i knew who did this in my family . when i went to college , i met a nice girl who knitted to relieve stress and make a little extra money on the side by making things for people . i thought that was really cool and tried to learn to knit myself but i am super uncoordinated and didnt have the patience to keep it up . i am always intrigued when i see yarn balls because there is mystery locked within them to what will com from them from talented people .
a bundle of yellow and brown knitting string with a note tied to it . a bundle of pink yarn is braided with a note attached . a skein of yarn has strands of coral and orange colors . a ball of yarn has many different colors a bundle of blue , green and purple yarn in a plastic bag
i purchase several yards of yarns like this . this one is a lion 's color . the pink one i bought will be used for a baby girl 's girft . orange sherbet was what i thought of when i picked this one . this multicolored yarn gives me so many ideas . wow , i did n't think that i would go overboard with buying yarn !
the yellow and brown twine-like rope is rolled in a very neat and organized fashion and has a description paper atttched to it . a pink and colorful roll of yarn with a white background a small orange and pink knot of yarn the multicolored yarn is wrapped in a bundle this picture shows over 30 groups of yarn in different shades of blue , purple , and green .
the tigerstripe tribe celebrates its latest victory in the urban jungle while it 's new subjects look on shamefully defeated . the celebration begins with music to honor their fallen . they chant to their god and praise her for strength she has granted them to achieve victory . their god and leader shila hears their praise with gratitude . shanzi , a great warrior , is joyful her leader is happy with their victory .
women in costumes are performing in a parade a group of performers walk down a street in elaborate costumes . several people in elaborate dress walking down the street a woman in a sparkly blue costume with jewels on it woman smiling with large orange head dress on .
friends night out . was great my friends and i having fun dancing dinner was so good wine was amazing hands in the air hahaha merry and paul playing foosball
dancers in the street performing as part of a celebration . some of the costumes at the parade were almost scary people in a parade , dressed in extremely colorful costumes with elaborate headdress , each carrying small tambourines . a woman wearing a blue and turquoise jeweled head dress and gown a woman wearing a flashy headress that is orange , black , and gold .
some of the crews this year went all out on their costumes . there where so many different colors . green , orange , and blue . they all looked so good . we where asked to vote on what one was the best , but i feel that was pretty short handed . they all looked so good . picking just one felt like a sin .
people dance in costumes on the street as others look on . the parade included this very colorful bunch . it was a great time . they were all dressed up and ready for the parade to begin . a woman wears a bejeweled costume and headpiece an image of a woman that is dressed up in parade wear
last week every one gathered for [male] 's birthday . we had a big birthday cake for him . the theme of the party was `` robots '' because [male] likes them so much . so , we all got together and made some robots . when we were done , the robots came out looking really neat .
they all hung around the messy living room a cake with a single candle sits next to a cake with many candles red and white robot with square head and body . a few people are competing building small items . robots attached with colored pens drawing on paper .
working in robotics can make for an interesting job . to celebrate our one year of business , we had a cake with one candle , and a really cool dalek cake . someone even set up our donation bot that we are trying out with various charities . but the coolest thing was that we got to actually play with the draw bots . they were as much fun as i had hoped and i think they will be very successful .
a group of friends work on a project while drinking beer two white birthday cakes on a table one with one lite candle and the other has lots of lit candles . a red robot that is on top of the table . a small group of people gathered around playing games . people testing out small robots that draw on their own .
robot building party with friends . the instructions to draw and build the robot . happy birthday song and cake cutting time . after cutting the cake we went back to our activities . finally finished the robots , time to race .
people are sitting around a table working and drinking the two cakes have candles on them and white frosting . a red robot is smiling with a sign that says donationbot . people gathered around two different pieces of paper . crayons wrapped around various cups to make circles .
i like weird stuff . like this thing . here 's some junk . i love location . and the beach .
the portrait of a lady in the museum caught the eye of many people . a red wooden replica of a women with a blue swimming cap . a man holds a small , colorful device in his hands and looks at it . a paper light that has the design of an american flag a man walking on the beach toward the ocean . there are also people sunning under beautiful colored umbrellas on the beach . the water seems a little rough , therefore you can see some whitecaps on the water .
the group of friends stayed in a funky cabin for spring break . art deco style figurines decorated the exterior of the building . the red figurine had a solemn facial expression . but the friends had a great time playing with silly toys . the star spangled decor made them think of independence day , which felt appropriate since they were feeling quite independent as young men vacationing without family . the trip was n't all about goofing off . they had fun relaxing at the beautiful beach .
wall art of a two dimensional female figure . a red and blue abstract , humanoid work of art is mounted to boards . a man wearing a blue shirt is pointing an object at the camera . a round decoration . probably used for independence day . a man walking towards a lightly populated beach .
we found what looked like a fish made out of palm leaves on the beach today . it happened while we were snorkeling and we decided to take a break . we then capped the day off with some surfing and wakeboarding . that night , we watched the fireworks . it was one of the best 4th of july we 've ever had .
this piece of artwork is made of plastic and shaped like a human . a two dimensional figure of a bright red woman with a blue swim cap is posted to the side of a building . a young bearded man shows off an electronic led toy . a ball that has been decorated with an american theme . young boy in grey shirt walking onto sandy , pristine , beach .
our project began in a far-off , inaccessible but very beautiful locale . i gathered with other volunteers to use nearby loose rocks to rebuild and fortify existing roads and structures . rocks were brought in by backhoe and truck for our use . that 's me in the middle as we began our work with the rocks . there will be an inscription on that rock describing our mission and from there , the entire valley can be seen .
a view of the grand canyon on an overcast day with a purple hued sky and fluffy clouds . tourists are walking around and explore [location] island . several people standing around at an observation area while one man is working . three men posing in front of rocks in the desert . a group of individuals are walking along a trail .
during our stay we visited a beautiful cannon . the pathways leading to the cannon were edged with rocks hammered from the cannon . the cannon itself was huge and seemed never-ending . we then got to see some men hammering the boulders into usable pieces for , i imagine , the pathways . the workers seemed very happy . on the pathway out we could see their current progress .
the scenic view of the side of a mountain . a small group of people gather together on a pathway . a collection of people stand at a watchpoint and enjoy the expanse of nature . three park employees standing in front of a desert . groups of people stroll along a wide dirt path .
on the last day of our vacation we decided to visit rock mountain . there were a lot of beautiful mountains . we noticed as we got there there were workers doing work . one worker was carrying a huge rock . he told us part of the park was closed due to the construction so we ended up leaving .
a bunch of canyons in a large desert a rock lantern with tourists in the background and the ocean . gathering of visitors at tourist overlook with worker doing work nearby . three men are posing for the picture outside in a desert environment . families and tourists enjoying a beautiful day at a national park .
the demonstration starts peacefully with the crowd obeying the restrictions for crowd control . police presence is visible but is not needed early in the evening . the crowd breaks the restrictions . some have gone too far and break the law . in order to keep the peace , the rabble rousers are carted away by the police . order is restored .
a group of street protesters carrying placards with police on guard two cops scan the scene of a protest as a woman raises her hand . group of people walking down the street at dusk a police woman and another police officer close the door of a van with a man in the back . lots of people are gathered in protest of something .
the first day of the protest rally was a huge turn out many people gathered together in a peaceful manner despite the heavy security . the crowd chanted loud and proud as they walked the streets together . the unlawful public servants decided to violate the rights of the people . the crowd held up many handmade signs in regards off the protest rally .
a few cops are on the street while demonstrators hold up signs on the side walk . people are marching with police officers outside during the day women and men are marching down a street and one is holding a loudspeaker . a blonde police officer walks into her van people are filling the street with flags and signs .
my brother and i went to a protest today . everything going going fine but the police showed up to keep an eye on things . my brother stayed till night time after having drank all day and was stumbling around a bit . just as the sun went down the police sneaked up behind him and placed him under arrest . they placed him in a van with several other prisoners and took him off to jail .
a group of people protest on a street in front of policemen . a girl in a grey shirt being escorted by the police a large group of people are protesting at a rally . the police seem to be putting the suspect in the back of the van . a large crowd standing close side by side in a small area
i went to a organization rally . people got so into it , they dressed up in laker 's colors . one man even climbed up a light pole to wave the laker 's flag . i could n't resist buying this shirt . in support of the laker 's , i held up these two signs .
several fans are tailgating outside at a basketball game . the [organization] [organization] [organization] celebrating a championship year . a [organization] fan holding up two signs informing his prefered player , [male] [male] , outside with a gathering of people . a man in a laker 's shirt , a fur around his neck , and a fuzzy hat . a proud and reckless fan displays his pride .
the fans were celebrating the lakers big win . a rowdy crowd had formed . some people brought signs . others dressed in odd , laker themed outfits . a few brave fans climbed on top of street lights to hang banners . the police quickly moved in to remove them .
fans support their favorite basketball team at the street . a group of people stand and cheer for a crowd . a man wearing a lakers jersey and holding signs a man dressed up in furs and lakers uniform pieces . the basketball supporters have climbed the traffic lights
location had a parade for the organization today . so many people were there . they won their second championship without shaq . some people were dressed in outrageous outfits . almost everyone was waving a organization ' flag .
a group of people standing on a [organization] stage with the american flag . three men are standing and pointing their fingers in the sky . a [organization] [organization] fan is holding signs outside of the stadium . the man with the sunglasses and fuzzy chin made a call fans of the [organization] [organization] [organization] basketball team climb a street pole and hold flags .
my father took me out one day to play in the winter wonderland . i enjoyed running around in the fresh snow . dad pulled me around on a sled since there were no hills near us . i laid down and worked on a snow angel . and there it will stay till the next heavy snow falls .
snow stretched as far as could be seen as the children walked across it . the boy was out in the middle of the cold dark heavy snow . woman pulling little girl in pink coat on a sled in the snow a pink-coated person in sneakers is making snow angles . view of a flat snowy landscape taken from above .
the day was cold but the snow was lovely ! this little guy clearly enjoyed himself . it was a lot of fun sledding about . and everyone loves making snow angels . this one turned out really well !
a woman and a child are trekking through the snow . a person in full winter attire raises their arms for a picture in the snow . adult dressed warmly pulling a child on a sled through the snow . a young kid has fun making a snow angel . a snow angel shape is seen in the white snow .
in the winter , the town where i grew up was a place of wide snow covered roads and friendly people . how well i remember the rides on my little sled pulled by mom on brilliant days . with delight i 'd roll in the icy cold fluff making snow angels . then after a day of play in the cold fields , mom and i would trudge back to town . back in our warm house , mom would make hot chocolate with marshmallows to warm our weary , happy souls .
a man and child walking across a snowy white field . a young boy is standing in snow . a woman pulling a little child on a sled in the snow he made a snow angel for all to see that day someone made a snow angel in a light covering of snow .
this was a funeral for one of the fallen soldiers . many people attended including friends and family . they marched across the street honoring this soldier . many people were in attendance and special speeches were given in honor of him . many men and even kids were in attendance that day .
a section of a grave yard dedicated to fallen military personnel with individuals paying their respects . three military men hold british flags at a cemetery . a naval band marching down a city street . a group of dignitaries stand at attention with the [organization] [organization] . four men proudly display love for their country .
the soldiers were somber as they celebrated their fallen comrade . they stood proud as they waited for further instruction . the then proceeded through the streets , carrying flags . the day was one of sadness and great pride . they served our country and the soldiers were honoring them .
uniformed men and women pay their respect a ceremony of that which is of memorial taking place at a cemetery a marching band is parading down the street . a group of individuals are standing next to a flag . four military guards in full uniform stand with two of them holding flags .
unfortunately , my uncle [male] had passed away . he was a marine for the united states . a few marines salute my uncle 's grave . it was very solemn . they held a small parade in his honor . lots of people were in attendance . there was a silent prayer being said . it was very beautiful , and brought me to tears . here are some of the junior members for the local marine core . they looked very dapper .
a ceremony at a grave with military dressed people laying a reef down at a grave . it is a somber moment at the grave site of an important person . a parade with many flags is passing a supermarket . three people are standing holding different flags from different countries four soldiers outside a building holding two flags .
we went down to the local bar for a concert . the band was really good and entertaining they had on fun outfits and sang well we were really glad we were able to see them our friends all loved it too and we had a great time
a musical band in action at a colorful platform with red lights . a drummer and a guitar player on stage these young kids are jamming out on the stage . a woman in a red dress on stage singing three people pose at night for a photo with each other .
i went to the concert last week . the music they were playing was great . they had decorated the entire place with christmas lights . the singer was very talented . i spent all night there with my friends .
a guitarist and a drummer play on stage . a band is playing on a stage at night with lights . a distorted picture of a group performing on a stage . a woman is singing on a crowded stage a group of people in a parking lot
through the haze of memory , we can remember the spectacular night . there was wonderful music provided . beautiful songs were sung as well . the experience lasted long into the night . and though the memories are n't quite crystal clear , the remembrance of fun never fades .
a band is playing on the stage with lights above their head . the men in the band play drums and guitar . woman wearing a red dress singing into a microphone a woman sings with a band at an event . two girls and a guy making weird faces .
first we enjoyed the graveyard . we went inside to look at the colorful church . my friend posed for a picture outside . then she learned something from the teacher . the teach showed some cool drawings on the board .
a building next to a cemetery has a large long roof an image of an empty building court room setting the buildings four windows are large and white . a school girl with a small chalkboard watches intently . a chalkboard has white writing and photographs attached to it .
they went on a trip to the old church and saw the grave site of the people who used to attend there . they saw the church where the people in that town practiced their religion . the daughter took a picture outside of the church . the daughter took pictures in the classroom where the children used to learn . they took pictures of the classroom .
a small cemetery with tomb stones next to a brown house pews filled with bibles and hymnals sit vacant inside an empty chapel . a girl in a hat standing on the lawn of a church . a girl sitting at a desk with a small chalkboard slate in front of her words and pictures on a chalkboard with brown wooden trim .
as i took a stroll around my neighboorhood , i saw one of my neighbors house is close to a cemetery . this was the entrance to that cemetery . the next stop on the stroll , led me to a church , where the inside was quite peaceful . this lady sat here for over an hour reading her bible , and she did not even notice me . my daughter wanted a picture with the church as her background .
a cemetery with tombstones with a building in the background . a church 's congregation seating area is pictured with various books strewn about . a smiling girl wearing a white hat stands in front of a vine covered building . a young girl sits at an old-fashioned desk with a slate in front of her . framed chalkboard with writing and pictures attached to it .
crowds were gathered for the parade . marching stilts are always fascinating to watch . drums were only the beginning in the musical portions of the parade . on one corner , people laughed and talked about the festivities.. this man truly got into the spirit - complete with green face makeup .
a large number of men and women gather along a parade route for st. [male] 's day . spectators watching a character walk down a street in a parade . a marching band marches in a parade . people are dressed up for a parade in the streets people are in the streets celebrating st. [male] 's day .
many watched the local parade . performers gave them an entertaining afternoon . the bands provided an musical experiment . audience members wore funny wigs and face paint . some were more festive more others .
spectators gathered behind a fence at a st. [male] 's day parade . man in religious symbols and all white walks in a parade a marching band dressed in turquoise carrying drums parade down a street . a crowd of people celebrating saint [male] 's day . a man dressed in green with his face painted green and wearing a fake beard .
on goers wait intently as the location location day parade is about to begin . the parade begins as a stilted man in a white costume leads the procession . he is followed by a group of drummers dressed in blue , beating on blue and white striped drums . the parade is over , and onlookers scatter . a beer is gripped in the hand of costumed attendee while he travels on his walking journey home .
large crowd wearing st. [male] 's day hats and carrying flags behind a parade barrier . people lined up on the side of a street to watch a parade . a group of people are playing drums in the street . some men and women are dressed in costumes with green hats . a man dressed as a leprechaun holding a beverage .
last saturday i wanted to upgrade the parts on my bike . in particular , my brakes needed replacing . my chain ring was also in need of some tender love . after replacing and upgrading all these parts , i decided to take my bike out and show it off . everyone i met that day was very complimentary of my upgrades .
a set of bicycle handlebars with brake handles . a bike tire has a green light on top of it green bicycle 's chainring and crankset with derailleur visible . a serious-looking man is carrying a bicycle out a door . a picture of a bicycle in the middle of a coffee shop
finally got myself that new bike i 've been wanting . threw on a minimalist breaks to drop some grams . nice fancy 105 front group set shifts like a dream . so much better than my last bike . of course a nice machine like this should be kept indoors . i would n't want it to get rained on or stolen during my morning coffee .
braking handle bar for a high end bicycle the front break system and tire of a bicycle a close up view of the gears on a bike.|a close up view of the gears on a bike . a man with the beret with a bicycle over his shoulder a shot of the back of a bicycle and a woman sitting down .
the man was excited for his location bicycle that he had just gotten . he specifically designed the handle bars and breaks to suit his needs . the tires were also custom and were meant for the city and off road . the man took his bike down to the cafe . he met his friend there , where they discussed his new bike .
a handlebar to a bike is in a close up photograph . the front wheel and break assembly of a bicicle a close up view of half of a bicycle gear . a man wearing a black beaning carrying a bicycle on his shoulder . a woman sits drinking from a mug in front of a bike .
everyone was pumped up for the adventure con event . the day started off with a short presentation over a projector . afterwards , we had the opportunity to meet with several actors and receive autographs . some were even advertising movies they were featured in . compared to inside of the building , outside was filled with people in their costumes .
an image of people that are sitting inside a theater . a man a two women are smiling for the picture . having fun taking pictures with a [male] sparrow wannabe . a man and woman pose for a picture in a room full of people . two women posing with a person in a storm trooper costume .
there was a lot of people in line for the convention . they showed an unreleased movie . afterward the actors were there to sign autographs . everyone got in line . the line outside was very long .
advertisement for adventure con on large projector screen on stage . the two ladies pose for the picture with the famous star . someone in costume , dressed as [male] sparrow , poses for a picture with a lady . a man and woman are smiling together in a building two woman posing with a star wars character .
me and my friend decided to go to this show we are enjoying ourselves taking pictures with some of the actress this actress everybody love i also found my favorite at the end we both decided to go out with a bang with the best actress
a sign for adventure con at the [location] [location] [location] is shown on screen on a stage to an audience . the date for the event is [female] 1-3 , 2007 . three people are taking a picture together the man has his arms around the two women . this seems to be taking place in a convention or a meeting with celebrities . a man dressed as [male] sparrow posing with woman a woman in a brown t-shirt poses with a man wearing a blue costume . a man dressed as as stormtrooper posing for a photo .
i had a lot of work to do today . there was so much digging that needed to be done . we brought in a specialist . he knew exactly what to do . after a few hours we were done .
a group of objects that are on the table . several people gathered around in the dirt white one person is kneeling hands holding a rock collection in a rock box . a person holding two photographs with people looking at them . the man is holding bags of sweets in his hand .
i had to go to a funeral for two small children . it was a really emotional day as the people dug the graves in a traditional way for their final resting place . people put stuff in a little memory box to commemorate their lives that were cut too short . there were pictures being passed around to remember the two children . everybody gathered and listened to emotional speeches . it was very moving . i would n't wish this on anybody .
a table with pictures , bananas , and crackers a man on his knees reaching into a whole in the ground . a person finding some kind of contraband inside of a brick . three people gathered while a man holds some photos indian man standing next to a bunch of sitting women
it was a sad day , they were morning the death of a child . the parents cried and prayed asking why they took away their child . they made a keepsake box of things that were personal to her . they looked over pictures to remember her face . they listened to the sermon and then left in silence .
a picture of a young man and a baby sit on a table laden with banans , crackers , and cinder blocks . people dig in a marked off area with uniformed officers behind . small bags of spices hidden in a brick man distributes pictures to family and friends nearby they all waited eagerly for the announcement and grampa looked thrilled .
best buds . we decided to spent the day in the park with this magnificent view . there , see it , right there , cool huh ? sweetie we love you too but you 're squishing us , ca n't breathe . got something to say mr. watermelon , did n't think so .
this is [location] [location] , with a view of the [location] [location] [location] . several young people pose together outside yes they do the man holding the bottle is posing beside the smiling woman man holding rugby ball with three kids playing behind him on sand a man wielding a sword at an outdoor grillout
[female] and [male] are vacationing in location location they are actually visiting with some friends who are planning a bbq on the beach [female] and [male] are really enjoying their time . [male] is enjoying his first beer of the day later in the day [male] enjoys some football before the bbq [male] enjoyed the delicious bbq but is not ready to reenact some scenes from a play his was in
the moutains in the background are a great backdrop to the very large bridge . a group of young adults poses together in front of a beach . a man that is holding up a beer bottle next to the woman . a young man prepares to throw a football as children play on the beach behind him . a man in a brown shirt is holding a sword by a man with a camera in a picnic area .
we made a trip out to visit the location location bridge in location location . our friends from back home also came along with us on the trip . we had drinks on the beach . and played football and catch as well . everyone had a good time at the beach that day .
there are people at the bottom of the golden gate bridge a group of five people posing together for a picture . a couple smiles happily as they socialize near a lake . a man getting ready to throw a football , while two kids in the background play with a barbeque . a man in a brown shirt is holding a sword .
i took a trip to location location last summer to see the people of the area . i was n't sure what to make of this guys clothes . i did receive many dirty looks while photographing others . this was one of my favotites , he did n't know that i took a picture of him . this guy looked like he was in prison even though he was n't
a man wearing a black hat and black robe is sitting a girl with gray eyes gazing out to the side . elderly hands carefully holding carved wooden rosary beads . the elderly man stood with only one shoe as he wore a tan hat . an elderly man smoking a pipe and looking at another man .
an old man is shopping at the market . his friend is coming down the road to come and shop with him . another talking on the phone about some things he saw at the market . another man looking surprised what is going on with all this shopping . and finally , this man decides to sit it out and not do any shopping .
a man dressed in black is sitting on a bench . a young woman with blue eyes and brown hair . an old man holding a string of beads in his hand . an elderly man sitting on a ledge pondering . a man in a white beard holds something to his mouth .
one day i was waiting on the bus and thinking about what to buy my wife for her birthday . she is very important to me , so i need to get her something special . i found a nice necklace that i think she will like . i went and asked her dad , who i found praying outside . he thinks she will like the necklace !
a man dressed in black sits on a bench outdoors staring blankly in front of him . a close up image of a woman taken on january 1 , 2010 . an older person 's hand is holding a strand of wooden beads . the man is resting on the cement bench . a man with a gray beard and gray hair .
the food at the banquet i attended was amazing . everyone that attended had a wonderful time eating this delicious food . we all talked up and down the long tables while eating . i even got to see some old friends at the banquet . at the end of the banquet , i ran into a pal of mine and we talked for hours .
sushi rolls are arranged on a dish with sauce drizzled over them . a large party of people are eating around a table a large group of people sit at a long dining table at an asian restaurant . a woman takes time for a photo with friends . asian man and blond caucasian woman smiling at camera .
here are our two favorite girls at dinner . here our two friends smile for the camera after dinner . we were happy to be together again . the meal was outstanding as it was artwork as well as delicious . here is the happy couple together .
a group of sushi items that are on the plate . a large group of people are sitting along long tables enjoying a meal . a large group of people sit at a crowded restaurant . an image of a woman that is sitting between two men a man and woman sit together smiling , posing for a photo
our meal began with this delicious sushi rolls . we all ate our food and discussed what is new with our lives . here everyone can be seen relaxing and talking about their day . the three of us friends together again . a picture of us after we had some delicious sushi !
this sushi meal is on a white plate on the table in the restaurant . a group of people are sitting at a long table eating together . a lot of people are sitting and eating around a long table . the friends came in close for a picture . a couple is posing for the camera while on a date .
when we arrived at the beach the parking lot was full . we waited in line to grab a bite to eat . we took off our shoes and walked on the sand . then we headed towards the waves to splash around . we walked on the beach until we reached some rocks .
cars parked in an outdoor parking lot near water and mountains . picture of shadows on the beach while a man kicks his foot out . a rocky beach is surrounded by a cliff and an ocean . a view of the motel from the beach below was awesome two people standing in the water at a beach .
they vacationed in a beautiful resort . there were beaches . there were towns nearby to explore . other hotels were nearby . the sunset view was lovely on the beach .
cars parked and canopy tents set up , mountains in the distance . they were trying to get funny pictures of their shadows at the beach a sandy beach with small rock formations and houses built on the hill . a bunch of people lounging on a beach during the daytime . a male and his child are enjoying a sunny day at the beach .
it was my first time seeing mountains along the ocean . we took a few silly shots before our walk . the coastline here was very rocky but gorgeous . our hotel was expensive but well worth it . we plan to make this an annual trip .
a desert scene with desert mountains in the background and vehicles up front . playing around with their shadows on the beach . large rocks are in the sand of a beach area . people lay on a beach that is beside a hill an adult and a young child standing in the water
the parents had set up a new swing set for the kids before everyone arrived for the easter meal . the grandmother took a photo of the organization pitchers she had managed to hang onto for 20 years . the traditional bread with easter eggs cooked right into the bread was a big favorite each year . ham was served at the family 's easter meal every year without fail . all the guests brought an impressive array of dishes for everyone to eat .
a slide and a swing set are sitting in the yard the drinks and cups are all set up on the table . a loaf of baked bread on a baking pan . juicy ham sitting on a round metal platter the table is full of delicious foods of all types
here is the swing set in our yard . the cups are on the table along with drinks . the food is starting to come out now . the ham looks so good . here are some more delicious food that are on the table .
a child 's playground set that is set up in the backyard . mugs and cups are on top of a blue table baked bread with five red eggs baked into it . a large slab of meat sits on a metal plate half carved . a large table filled with food on a blue table cloth .
the playground at school is quite today . all the kids are getting ready for a bake sale some of them made cookies and ham . there is alot of food .
a swing set and slide in front of a brown building . a table full of cups and pitches at a picnic . a fresh baked pastry with red eggs in the middle . a carved ham sitting on a blue table cloth a table with food layed out , including ham and chicken nuggets .
last week my class did a study of the beach . we looked at the grasses that grew on the dunes . some of them were very dry looking . others , however , were very lush and green . my class learned a lot about the beach that day .
a collection of berries and plants that are in the fields . are empty field area with a few small buildings . a long dirt road that has tire tracks on it a close up of some locked mailboxes of different sizes a blue metal swing on ground covered with soil
we traveled through our town and encountered lots of beautiful like these flowers . there were plenty of people around , mainly in their houses . the streets were barren because of this . we then found some interesting structures . and lastly , we played on this swing set !
dried yellow and purple plant on the ground . a car is parked on the grass to the side of a concrete building . a shot of a muddy old street in the south some numbers are written on some small boxes a blue swingset with broken swings sits on the sand .
we 're a seaside community . most of us have grown up in the same homes all our lives . we do n't stray far from town . only forty-one people have tried to leave here . it was n't good .
the cotton has huge pods of cotton on them a small car that is on the side of a small dirt area . a puddle from recent rain sits in the middle of this dirt road . white numbers painted on five mailboxes with locks . an abandoned swing set in the middle of nowhere .
everyone came to help clean up the swamp . even jethro , the most bitter participant of them all , helped out . it was a good chance to catch up with family . everyone ate hot dogs . they all worked together and had a good time .
a watery field in the spring or summer . a man wearing a black shirt throwing trash away a group of people and a dog pose for a photo outside . a man grills dogs and burgers undr a tent outdoors . a large group of men , women , and children pose for a photograph .
we 're getting ready for the camping trip this weekend . posing for a group shot after an amazing afternoon in the sun . our cars are ready for the adventure . the camp director making yummy lunch for everyone . the gang all together after a great day hanging out .
water plants have overtaken a stretch of water near a shore that borders a field . the man is throwing a trash bag into the dumpster . a group of people posing in wooded area the man is barbecuing just outside of the tent . a large group of people posing in front of vehicles
this is a local swamp that we all volunteered to help clean up one saturday . by the end of the cleanup , we had tons of trash to put into the dumpsters . now it was time for a nice cookout , to reward ourseleves for the hard work we did to clean our community . mr. roberts is a master griller ! with full hearts and full bellies , we all pose for a picture at the end of a very rewarding day .
an image of a marsh in the sprintime a man that is getting rid of the trash . the people are standing outside by the trees the man is on the grill cooking hot dogs and hamburgers . a group of people that have gathered near the forest .
it was a great day for a race each runner tried their hardest even a few did the run for fun and dressed in silly costumes to support a great cause and there were even a few handicapped racers too
runners going through the start/finish line with numbers on their shirts a lot of women running in a marathon , with their numbers on their chest . women are racing with pink bunny ears on their heads . the runner is wearing angel wings and a number . a racer in a wheelchair moves towards the finish line .
the race had just begun ! all competitors were at the top of their game . to keep it a little more fun than serious , some even wore bunny ears as they ran . fairy wings , too ! it did n't matter who was running , they all tried their best .
a group of runners that are on the field . women are running with numbers on their shirts and have two shirt colors . two women in bunny ears run in a group with other women . a woman with wings and a tutu running . a person in a wheelchair race moves the chair along a road .
the annual 5k for breast cancer awareness was held this morning . several hundred women took part to raise funds for cancer research . some of the runners showed their enthusiasm by dressing in costume . the atmosphere was one of fun and camaraderie . but the theme of the day was one of determination to beat this terrible disease , no matter what .
image of a group of people who are running a marathon on a cloudy day . many female runners are running with numbers on their chest . a woman in bunny ears is jogging among friends . a woman running down the trail wearing wings a woman in a wheel chair racing with the number 12323 on her shirt .
i went to an art gallery to see some of the new paintings . this one looked like an old american flag . this piece was interesting , and looked so real . i talked with a few friends about the art pieces . this picture was one of my favorites .
a naked woman in a fishbowl surrounded by birds on the sand what a great attempt of the flag , it looks great . a lady in a purple one piece bathing suit being surprised by a man in the background a group of friends is hanging out in an art gallery why in the world is a baby holding a gun ? who does this ?
our trip to the art museum . this represents the state of our country ... maybe . in a museum , it 's art . still looks like smut to me . yes , that is organization 's . not really sure what this is supposed to be . i think i saw this at the discount store .
a nude woman in a fishbowl on a beach with clouds behind her . a framed , matted artwork of the american flag the woman in a bathing suit is running away from the hot tub as a man jumps in a group of young adults socializes in an art gallery . a picture on the wall shows a baby holding a gun .
we tried to do some very unique photography shots of the family . this flag that is carved in wood , is very creative . this photo of my husband and i makes me laugh . we were sitting around waiting to see the results of our photo shoot . this photo of my baby i did not like , and i wanted it to be deleted .
the unusual photo depicted a woman swimming in a glass fishbowl . a framed piece of art featuring a muddy looking american flag . a woman stands in a hot tub screaming while behind her , a man gets ready to cannonball into the water . people in a room with a lot of art on the walls . a black and red red picture of a baby holding a gun .
they planned out their trip to location location . they first went to the golden gate bridge it was very foggy . they then visited lands ' end up close as they drove away they snapped another picture of the golden gate bridge . they finished the trip with a nice dinner in location location .
a satellite view of the coastline of a large city . a suspension bridge rises into a foggy sky . a sign at the entrance of a national recreation park . a red bridge is pictured from the other side of the water . a plate heaped up with a variety of food .
before leaving , we mapped out the road trip and all the landmarks . first we stopped at the location location location . next we visited location location location location . the park had some lovely photo opportunities . all the walking in the park got us hungry , so we stopped for dinner .
a map that shows all the business near the shore . it is a very foggy day to risk crossing the bridge . the sign claims it is lands end but i doubt that it is loving the view of the river and bridge also fog . a dish of mismatched foods - fries , beans , cole slaw , and condiments - is presented on the table .
we did n't expect such beauty outdoors . the bridge was all i thought it would be . the view of the water were amazing . the bridge was breath taking . we all agreed the food was fantastic .
an overhead view of a map shows a park and a nearby bay . a large bridge with a thick fog rolling through the lands end golden gate sign sits in dried grass o the corner of a street image of the san francisco bridge with a large body of water and trees surrounding it . food with white and green little tubs of sauce are piled on a plate .
it was finally our turn to ride the ferris wheel . we were able to see the whole city from above . we could even see the busier sides of the town . we saw many buildings and cars . we also saw a mini farmers market .
the huge ferris wheel waits for some lucky riders . a picture of a tall hotel surrounded by several other buildings . a bus makes its way around the corner of a city street . the site of the city from the air is soothing to the mind overhead view looking at old buildings with pedestrian traffic on roadway .
on my vacation i rode the ferris wheel . this is in main city i stayed in , it was so busy . there was a lot of traffic , but it was easy to get around . my favorite day was when i went to this old church . i was able to take this stunning picture from a hot air balloon ride .
the large [organization] [organization] is empty and set up in between buildings . downtown with many buildings and a busy street many buildings are present and one building has a sign that says printworks with a clock on top of it . the overview of the building and the cars looked smaller than normal . a bird 's eye view of a big white house .
the first thing we did was take the train into the city and this is where we got off of the train . this is the biggest ferris wheel any of us have ever seen ! here is a sign that gave us some information about the huge ferris wheel . we especially loved this beautiful old bell tower . the mixture of different architectural styles was really interesting here .
a ferris wheel stands beside some large buildings a city view is visable from atop another building as the people crowd the streets . we stood on the roof of a building for this photo the areal view of the gothic cathedral and city several large buildings sit in a city square .
this island in the middle of the sea has a great history . old buildings still stand in some places . the pier is from a long time ago , but it has been reinforced to stay available for tourists . on a tourist tram we see the lush vegetation with the sea in the background . an abandoned boat sits along the beach . perhaps it still would float . back at the main tourist area , children and adults play happily in the surf .
an old dilapidated building that is over grown with plants . the underneath of a boardwalk on a beach by the ocean . a lush , green forest under a cloudy blue sky . a yellow boat in the sand on a bright day . the man is walking on the beach with children playing nearby .
the whole family went on vacation to the beach . we got to see a monkey . dad had a beer . we saw a old yellow boat . there were other people on the beach with us having a good time too .
the old rusted building is standing inn the middle of beatiful descent buildings distorted view from under the boardwalk at a beach . clear , blue skies and green plants , with a view of the mountains . a derelict vessel sits rotting upon a beach . a beautiful beach with crystal clear water hosts visitors
the islands offer a simple live . the wildlife is friendly . the local beer is the best . the boat looks like a picture on the beach . it is a relaxing way of life at the beach .
a house sitting in ruins . it has been here for quite a while waiting to be either rebuilt or torn down . a long pier is stretching out to the water the view along the lush green ground and blue sky . an old boat with scraped yellow paint propped on scrap wood . an older man walking on a beautiful tropical beach with children playing in the background .
when i was visiting my dad , he dragged out his old wedding pictures . there were pictures of him and my mom when they were young . they looked so in love . he also had pictures of us when we were a young family . in the pictures , mom and dad look so happy .
a woman in a white dress on the stairway . the bride and groom are on the other side of the window . three photo of a bride and groom on their wedding day . an asian couple is posing for bridal pictures . a young girl in white holds a bouquet of lilies against an orange background .
when i finally finished getting dressed there were a lot of photographers waiting for me downstairs . they took so many pictures of us . we went to many different places for pictures . some of them were very old . i had a great time .
the bride in the long flowing gown climbs the stairs . two people standing in front of a closed window . a couple having a great time taking their wedding pictures . the husband and groom joked with each other against the washed out mural . an advertisement for `` simon.the.photo '' with an image of a pretty woman holding flowers .
the couple took several great shots . they lined up together in happiness and joy . then they became very sensual and hot . i told them a photo with the children was a must ! we all went to see a movie afterwords .
a beautiful picture of a bride and her humongous dress . a bride and groom cuddle romantically outside a window . an image of a bride and groom posing three ways a man in a suit that is touching a girl in white . young asian woman posing for photograph holding flowers
it was the semi-finals round of the baseball season . the tension is high and we are trying to take out this team . a curve ball was pitched to get this batter out as quickly as possible . oops ! it seems like a home run . she better hurry before she does n't make it in time . wow ! that was a close one but it seems that she made it .
a young girl concentrates on catching the softball . the girls in her blue uniform , throws the softball . athlete striking ball with bat during outdoor sanctioned game . a young male athlete sliding into a baseball base a girl slides to base while another girl tries to catch the ball during a softball game
the girls were playing a softball game she delivered the pitch off the mound she swung for the fences with this hit she slides in just safe into third base the game was hard fought for both teams
a young baseball player leaps into the air to catch a ball with a mitt a girl completing an underhand softball pitch on the field . she gave that hit everything she had to make sure her win could pull of the win . a softball player is sliding in the dirt to a base . people are out on a field playing baseball
the game did n't start too well for us as we lost a great numbers of balls . we started catching up thanks to our batters skills . our team running abilities also started to make a real difference . the outfielders also picked up the pace before the end of the game . in the end , we won the game by a large margin !
kids are playing softball and she is about to catch the ball . a softball player in a blue uniform throwing a tennis ball . a girl playing softball about to hit the ball . a female softball player sliding into a base . two females on the fields playing softball on a sunny day
[male] is at a parade . he sees this weird looking person dressed funny . he then looks at these people like they are crazy . [male] does not like the parade and whats to leave . but people in yellow shirts stop him .
boy with brown hair and blue bead necklace . wearing a cartoon-like mask with horns , and wearing a tie-dyed one piece outfit , a person walks in the street behind a decorated truck . the women are on the float as it goes down the street several people ride in a truck that is participating in a parade . several woman are performing a dance in a parade
[male] was out at the parade . there were lots of characters around . people were around on floats . there were float after float . people were dancing all over the place .
a brown haired boy with blue plastic beads on his neck . the clown had a freak alien headgear and colorful suit . a group of young girls riding a float . a car in a parade is driving down the street the kids are all in yellow shirts and khaki pants .
making our way to the parade . he was very excited to see all the colorfully dressed people . as the float went past , festive music sounded through the air the float of [male] 's ark was especially well done the acrobatic cycle team took our breath away
a child stands in the street wearing blue beads . a person in a blue mask with horns and a colorful outfit people dressed in native clothing are on the back of a truck a person on a costume is in the back of a pickup with others going down a busy city street with people and shops lined up on the side . a group of people wearing yellow shirts and khakis perform in the street .
the annual bike race was held today . bikers from all over the state lined up for the start in the park . this man was the clear leader throughout most of the race . unfortunately , a bad spill took him out of the lead . he left without a trophy , but with lots good memories .
three young adults standing next to and holding a bike a large group of bike riders in helmets line up , prepared to win the race . the guy riding a bike and the road is wide man lying on the ground wearing a bike helmet with a wheel lying nearby two men are walking their bikes down a sidewalk .
getting ready to race our bikes . here we go , i 'm gon na win this . doing it , winning ! here i go , i 'm going a little fast but that 's ok . whoops , i did fall i wonder if i can catch up .
the contestants are walking towards the line up waiting for the whistle to blow at the bikeathon man riding bike down middle of the street with helmet on . the man is laying on the ground and his clothing is a bit muddy . two men walk there muddy bikes down the sidewalk .
they are ready to start the race they get ready to start the race and they take off someone falls and need help someone pulls aside and help and walk to the finish line with him
a group of bikers that are in the park . a large group of cyclist going down the street . a man riding a bike on a residential street a man in bicycling clothes smiles as he lies on the ground . two men walking their bicycles along a sidewalk
friends gather for a cook out for the 4th of july . the gentleman is in charge of the burgers and dogs . friends gather to watch the fireworks . the fireworks seen the from the bridge . the grand finale for the holiday fireworks .
an image of a man that is barbecuing meat three people are sitting on steps with food and drink . a young man in a blue t-shirt turns to look above the two females as they sit next to the street . people looking over the edge at the water . a group of three men and four women pose in front of tall lighted buildings at night .
i invited all my friends to my barbecue tonight . we had some fruit . we spent hours sitting out on the porch drinking beer . afterward we went for a walk . we took some pictures at night .
a man is barbequeing outside with a lot of smoke the friends are enjoying the fruit on the porch . the man is sitting outside in a chair looking up at something the walking bridge was full of walkers and standers a group of men and woman standing the city at dusk
before we went to the fireworks , we grilled burgers . our friends had a great time snacking . it was a beautiful day for lounging around . we went to the park and found a spot to stand . all of us were very happy with the kinship .
this is just a guy in flip flops grilling up some food . back yard picnic with a couple sitting on the steps and sharing a bowl of pineapple as a lady sits beside them . a group of people sitting across the street from a park . group of people walking down walkway next to road group of young adults taking a picture ate a night out .
a man passing out flyers and talking to people . a man helping another man by giving him something . giving a little boy something . he is giving an older lady something . a photo op with a family .
a man in glasses pointing to a woman with a bag in her hand . a man with glasses is holding a bag filled with something black . people are standing inside a room with their faces blurred a woman accepting an item from another woman wearing a white burka . a family poses for a picture in front of a doorway closed off by a curtain .
i went on a mission trip to an islam country . they were fantastic people . i got to meet some lovely families . i also got to show them some love as well . we brought them food and some toys .
the man is pointing at the woman with money a man in a blue coat hands a bag to a man in a white shirt . a family standing lined up with their living room . their faces are blurred . here 's a woman shaking hands with another person a photo of a family with all but one persons face blurred out .
i love giving my time to help those who are in need . i volunteer with my church to go into these neighborhoods and deliver things they need . sometimes , it is as simple as a cup of water . other times , it could be enough money to pay for a month 's rent . no matter what it is , we are making a huge difference in their lives , and that is what counts .
man speaking to a woman in a small living room . a man holds a bag up to another man with a boy standing behind one of the men . a family stands for a picture in their kitchen . a woman handing an unknown item to another woman a man in a blue striped shirt poses with a family of five .
it was a good day to visit my parents and put up a bird house my wife was reading a letter to my mother my brother ws also enjoying the visit drinkin his drink my sister was also there . dad was happy all the kids came to visit
the man puts his hand in the bird house in the tree a man with crazy hair is looking at something in his hands . nice family picture drinking wine in the backyard and smoking . a man is drinking wine while a woman in pink eats . a person is lying outside in a purple hammock .
it 's spring time and we decided to throw a spring party . first , the husband cleaned up the yard and hung some bird houses . our son came outside to help . our neighbors came over to share a bit of wine on the deck . then we moved inside to eat supper . finally , my husband surprised me with my very own hammock in the yard !
a man filling up his bird feeder outside of his home . the man has a black shirt on and his hair spiked . a man and woman are drinking wine outside two adults eating dinner . the man is drinking some wine and the woman is cutting her food . a person is lying in a hammock in a small fenced yard .
putting up birdhouses is a fantastic way to bring birds to your yard . they can be homemade or store-bought , whatever is convenient . make sure that you have refreshments for your birdhouse party . inside , have yummy treats available . hang a hammock so you can bird watch in comfort .
a man puts seeds in his birdhouse in his tree . this guy with spiked hair looks closely at what hes holding . people are drinking wine and smiling at the camera . group of people sitting around a table eating food in a living room . a person in black laying in a purple hammock .
[female] was ready to hit the party with her friends . [female] enjoyed a snack at the party . [male] and [female] took selfie 's together [male] taking a selfie with a cigar in his mouth . all of the friend enjoyed the party and took lots of selfies .
a squinting man wearing a hat is smoking a cigar . a young woman selects a pastry for her dessert . a party scene with woman in green and a man in a black hat . a man smoking a a big cigar in a car . a picture of four male friends in a dimly lit room .
we went out to the bar to celebrate the end of the work week . [female] told us that we had to try the sushi at the restaurant . here 's [male] and sky taking a selfie after they stole my phone . then , [male] decided to get another set of cigars for the group . we all appreciated bob for that .
a man wearing a hat has a cigar in his mouth . a image of a woman with food in her hand a couple that is taking a photo with each other . a guy with black hair has a cigar in his mouth a group of men stand together smoking cigars .
smoking a cigar . friend taking food , about to eat . picture with girlfriend . having fun and smoking a cigar . picture of friends having fun together and smoking cigars .
a man smoking a cigar and wearing a black cape a woman with a green scarf on her head they both happily pose for the picture that night . the man with a scraggly beard is smoking a cigar . a couple of guys are smoking cigars together
the hurricane was very violent . a lot of trees were knocked down . more were falling every hour . most of the plants were destroyed . i decided to get out of there when i had a chance .
droplets of water are on a foggy glass . the water and wind reeks havoc on the shore line a tree is blown aside in a grey foggy storm a wooded area is surrounded by a lake . a foggy , hazy empty road that shows no signs of life from anything besides the trees , is riddled with signs from the country to tell you about the road being divided .
the storm came in out of nowhere . the trees were blowing and rain was pouring down . i could n't believe how bad it was raining there . it caused so much damage during the rain . i could hardly see down to the end of the street .
the water drops are on the frosted glass . a very foggy street with a bus stop and trees . a tree sways in the wind , in front of a foggy parking lot . a group of trees that are in the forest . a very foggy road with trees on the side .
the hurricane whipped through my hometown earlier this year . we saw trees with chunks taken out of them from the high winds . the tree down the block from my house had branches broken . the debris from the storm was piled up everywhere . i went out after the storm ended , and a heavy mist still hung over everything .
water droplets on a window pane on a grey cloudy day . parked cars can be seen through the gray mist . trees being blown away by strong rain and winds dry branches and dead leaves with some green foliage a street in [location] on a foggy evening .
he ordered pizza online . they waited a while . she did n't mind though . he was getting impatient . we looked at the ornaments on the tree while we waited .
the christmas tree is lit up and there are presents underneath . a skull shaped ornament hangs from the limb of a green tree . a merry christmas bauble on a christmas tree . a white , winged lit angel christmas tree decoration . the man is sleeping under a blanket in bed .
i invited all of my friends to my house yesterday . they were all happy to play with my dog . they had a great time with her . afterward we were very hungry . we ordered some pizza .
a christmas tree that is lit up with gifts underneath . the ornament is a skull that is smiling a merry christmas ornament is hanging on a christmas tree . a picture of a tree top angel dressed in white with lights a man lies sleeping with his head on a cartoon pillowcase .
it was christmas eve . there were a lot of fun ornaments on the tree . the family enjoyed decorating the tree every year . the last ornament went on the top of the tree . all the kids went to bed hoping that location would n't skip their house .
the christmas tree is decorated and has gifts underneath it . the skull christmas ornament is hanging on a branch a blue ornament that lies on the branch of the tree . a statue of an angle wearing a white robe with wings a man is sleeping on a small bed .
my family is a bit strange in some ways but one thing we all like to do if fish and also catch crabs because we like to eat them . there are lots of different ways to catch crab and normally i would not do it this primitive way but it 's all we had and i did not have the squid for bait i usually use . the primitive method does and did work and as you can see we caught some crabs to eat . here is a better photograph of the bucket full of crabs and another creature or two if i remember right . we all got tired and people started falling to sleep so we headed back home knowing that we would be back another day to catch more crab and next time we would be ready .
the family plays in the sand with buckets and shovels . the reflection of people in a pan of water two people sit on a deck over a body of water a guy flying a trick kite on the beach a little girl smiles as she sits covered to her waist in sand .
we had such a great time at the beach we even caught a crab the kids went fishing and we flew a kite we even buried our daughter in the sand
the people are on the beach playing in the sand . a bowl of clear water is shown . two people sit on a dock and look down at the water . the kite flew high above the ocean on the great sunny day the girl is half buried in the sand .
we went to the beach ! we caught some crabs ! all of the family took part . we even flew some kites ! the kids also played in the sand
children and adults play and interact while building a sand castle on a beach . a bowl underwater with reflections of someone with a camera taking a picture . a man and woman hang out at the river dock . a man on the beach looks up in the sky at a parasail . a smiling girl with her legs buried in the sand .
we went to see the strange silver ball in downtown . we took a lot of funny pictures with it . everything was distorted . it was confusing to look at sometimes . afterward we drove back home .
woman standing in front of a large metal object in a park . the attraction in [location] with reflections all around an attractive vintage home painted barn red with an interesting roof line . an exterior shot of a home with a for sale sign in the window . a beautiful brick house is flanked by a large tree
my girlfriend and i finally got to visit location in the spring . the mirror attraction is strange but so unique . there are so many nice houses in the area when you walk past downtown . there are even houses that look the exact same but with different paint . this is my favorite house and i wish i could live here .
woman with shades and fur scarf smiling at camera the reflection of the busy city sidewalk distorts reality . a round and red house surround by empty trees . a green house with large windows and steep roof a large two-story building surrounded by trees and grass .
on my last trip downtown i decided to check out that big new sculpture in the plaza . it is so shiny that it 's like a mirror . you can actually check your makeup in it . i heard that the sculptor lived in an artsy neighbor nearby and had small sculptures in her yard , so i walked around a bit looking for it . but all i found were houses that made me think of hobbit holes . and , one house that was kind of institutional-looking . but , no sculptures in any yards .
standing by an unusual piece of art in front of buildings . a picture of a square with people from a curved mirror . a domed red house has a pointy roof . a mint green house stands on the corner with a for sale sign in the window . a quaint red and yellow house with a green yard .
a man and his dogs are walking to the beach . along the way they pass the `` go fish '' seafood restaurant . then they pass `` dolles '' salt water taffy store . they know they are close when they pass the old rusty ship . finally , when they arrive at the beach , the man chats with a friend as the dogs run off to play in the sand .
a person walking two dogs with a beach nearby . a large and colorful sign on a small business for a british fish and chip place the home of the salt water taffy candy a large red ship is at the harbor with a ladder leading to the deck . two people by the fence looking out at the ocean .
we took a walk down the pier today . we stopped here to eat . we toured this taffy place . we watched the boats . it was a fun day .
he walked down the cold and lonely boardwalk a truly british restaurant displays their true colors on their logo . a sign advertising a store for salt water taffy is the focus of a building . a large , old , rusty red ship is docked with a ramp leading off of it . people are standing on benches near a beach and ocean
we visited a coastal town in location . we stopped at a local restaurant for some traditional fish and chips . next , we bought some salt water taffy at location . we sat by the waterside and watched the fishing boats . then we took a walk on the boardwalk .
a person in a black coat walking his dogs on the boardwalk . this british fish and chips shop is called go fish ! a company that makes salt water taffy and pop corn large docked ship with gangplank extended to shore two people standing on a pier looking at the ocean .
i held a friendly get together at my house today . some people dressed up in funny costumes . others just dressed normally . we had a lot of fun just chatting and catching up . overall , it was a fun party but everyone was tired .
a man is holding forks to his face sensually and cake is in his other hand a young woman poses with a person in a green body suit . a woman is standing in front of a man inside a building . a group of men and women sit on the couch and talk . a woman laying on the ground on a fuzzy white rug
i went to my friend 's party last night . some of the guest were dressed up . i had a lot of fun talking to everyone there . we spent some time playing games in the living room . after a few hours everyone was very tired .
a man holding a plate with forks in his right hand . a woman poses next to someone wearing a green man costume . a happy looking woman posing with a man who appears nonplussed five people are sitting on a couch hanging out . a woman laying on the carpet with friends .
[male] and his girlfriend [female] were shocked to realized the mysterious man in a strange suit crashed their party . the mystery man soon became the life of the party telling hilarious jokes . the mystery man was shy about taking photos even though you could n't make out his face . soon , [male] and [female] began to figure out who the mystery man was after he grabbed a certain friends favorite red drink . [male] ripped off the mystery man 's suit and knew that the clever prankster [male] was the one who was inside the crazy costume .
the man has a handful of forks in his hand . woman standing by a person in a full body green morph suit . a young couple standing in a room laughing . three men and two women sitting on a long l-shaped couch . people on a white rug in a room with others .
what a perfect day to read on the beach . whenever i take a break from reading i can watch the families enjoying the sun together . or the clean colors of the beach buildings . or the birds flying in . it was a great day , but time to head home .
people gather on a sunny beach , providing a feast for sand fleas . 1 person on beach with book on lap and bare feet friends are relaxing on the sands of the beach . a flock of seagulls are flying over a beautiful blue ocean . four women enjoy the beach , birds and the fantastic weather . an older man in a suit posing with two young women on the beach
the group of friend went to the beach . the mom brought her book to read . the family and friends went swimming and tanned . a flock of seagulls flew right by them . it was a fun day at the beach .
people are standing and sitting in the sand on the beach . a photo of legs laying at a beach with a book over the top . girls sitting on the beach with the ocean behind them . seagulls fly above a group of people on a beach man in a suit on beach with two young girls in bikinis
everyone one having a relaxing day at the beach . some reading books and getting a tan . some decide to get close to the water and feel the breeze . birds flying over the ocean to the land . before the day is over they all take a family picture .
people enjoy the beach on a bright day . a book lays on a person 's leg as the person lays on the beach four women with towels tanning at the beach . four people are on the sand at a beach and dozens of seagulls are flying away . a successful business man posing with 2 hot ladies in their bikinis by the beach
on our first day in the country , we decided to look around . we saw new kinds of plants . the building in the country were huge and intricately built . even the money was new to us . after our sight seeing trip , we decided that the country had many beautiful things about it .
a black and yellow bee eats pollen from a flower . a dry landscape with a mountain in the background . a reef of beautiful leaves with the most perfect pattern a bee resting upon a yellow flower collecting pollen . a black and white butterfly drinks sweet nectar from a tiny purple flower in a field .
i tool this photo with my newest camera . this shot was straight out of the camera . i photo edited this shot . this shot was the side view of the first one taken . the butterfly shot was may favorite .
bug crawling around in some pretty yellow flowers . a wide open area with hills in the distance . the leaves on the plant are green and textured . a dandelion with a bee on it from closeup . a butterfly that is feeding on a plant .
a photographer spent her day in a nature preserve looking for new subject to photograph . she found many beautiful landscapes to photograph . there were also many interesting plants to capture . beautiful flowers bloomed and made the perfect subjects . overall she found many wonderful things to take pictures of .
a hornet on a bunch of small yellow flowers . a creek meanders through a grass covered hillside pretty green leaves which look like they could be native to the country . a bee standing on a yellow flower looking for pollen a black butterfly sits on a white and purple flower .
this is a festival that i went to the other day . there were a lot of floats and interesting things to see . we met these people who wanted to hang out with us . we saw these girls that were doing all kinds of weird things . we took this last picture right before we went home .
a bunch of people are gathered in [location] [location] . people are watching a large pink elephant float two people is crazy outfits at the fair . a group of people in swimwear are gathered . a fair near the beach can be seen through red fencing
this years fair was a rather odd affair . so many people showed up this time . there where many odd things going around like this odd looking pig made from paper . so many people showing off their skin this year . i have to admit that it took me off guard . i had no idea what was going on here , but the ladies looked really nice this year . i was in a cage ride . at the time i thought it was a good idea to take a picture , but i lost handle of my camera and almost broke it .
a lot of people surrounding a geek squad blimp the crowd is impressed by the large pink sculpture . man standing by woman with bright orange bikini top , hat and skirt a few women and men were chatting by a fence in swimming gear . a view of a busy amusement park and beach from up high .
a large crowd turned out for the location state fair . games and rides were abundant for kids and adults alike . some fair goers came dressed up for the festivities . others came less dressed to soak in the sun . on this ride you can see the entire fair and the massive amount of people .
a parade is depicted with a [organization] [organization] float in the midst of the crowd in the middle of the fair . poeple are crowdecd in the picture watching the game a person in an orange ruffly bra top , hat and skirt with orange shoes at an amusement park . a group of people in various states of undress are standing together in front of a chain link fence . an amusement carnival on a beach seen from a tall ride .
i went for a walk early in the morning today . as the sun came up , i could see the lake in better detail . other people started arriving to enjoy the day . once the sun was up all the way , i spotted a building down the beach . i walked a little closer and found people enjoying some kind of festival .
under blue skies , blue waters lap onto an empty beach . people are tanning on the beach and standing in the water on a sunny day . people , dogs , and a pig at a beach . two dragons are positioned in front of the round tent . this is a picture of a bike outside
in the morning , the sun did not show . we went and laid on the beach to tan . many people and animals shared the same shore . behind us , the playground was being artistically remodeled . there were many admirers and one biker .
a lake is formed around a part of land . people at a beach during a sunny day . swimmers and sunbathers shocked at the sight of a wild board on the beautiful beach . two dragon statues in front of a metal tent . a crowd of people outside several colorful geo-domes in a desert like area .
very nice sunset where the light is cascading over the lake [male] of emptiness makes me feel lonely the beach was full of vacationers this reminded me of burning man in the desert they had made these tents out of plastic materials
brown field and large blue water lake in side a group of sunbathers catch some rays while relaxing at the beach . several people and their dogs relax on the shore of a lake . a couple of paper dragons outside of a building . shirtless man riding a bike on a beach with a large group of people behind him in the distance .
i had a great time at the bmx competition . there were tons of cool bikes there . the riders did cool tricks . some of them were dangerous . it was a ton of fun .
the biker jumps high in the air over the hill . bmx racer pulls a wheelie with helmet at race . a side kick on a bmx bike from a teenager that 's riding the trails in the woods . bike rider in mid air surrounded by trees . this cyclist must have gotten some serious air
my friend went to a bike obstacle course . you could ride on tight ropes . he did a lot of tricks . there were hills to jump down . he flew through the air on half the course .
a man on a green bike is jumping over an object a man in a camouflage jacket does a wheelie on a bicycle . a dirt bike rider does a jump trick on a trail . a person riding a bike down a dirt hill surrounded by trees . a boy jumps his bike high into the air .
my brother rode a green bike on the trails . my cousin chose the gray bike because it was more agile . my brother wanted to do incredible tricks . he got a lot of air off of this ledge . i convinced him to help me get a jaw dropping photo .
the cyclist is getting some big air with his green bicycle . a person riding a bike has flipped to riding on one wheel . a biker is jumping in the air around trees a person in a blue hoodie and black pants biking down a mountain trail . a bike with a rider is practically flying through the air .
today is a fun filled day of events . singers are all around and they even have a best costume contest . some of the people get to sing while dressed in their costume . the fun part is meeting all the people and getting to see their neat costumes . and the winner walks away with a set of beautiful roses .
the archway was decorated in a unique style a pair of males are hugging one another on stage . a lady in costume standing next to two women atop a stage while surrounded by people looking . three people outside wearing red white and blue costumes a dressed up woman holding long stemmed red roses
when you see the wall of fancy circles , you know you 're almost at the wild days celebration ! there 's some terrific acts on stage for free . the cool part is that most of them are non-professionals ! people dress up crazily . it 's not really a 4th of july thing , but it 's held around that time , so there 's a lot of patriotic costumes . the winner of the talent show get the big rose bouquet !
an art installation comprised of old records with the black portion bent to look like the leaves of a flower . a woman speaks into a microphone while two men next to her embrace one another woman on stage in fishnets , short pink skirt , and sunflowers over her breasts . a man is pictured between two women . woman wearing sequined bustier and denim skirt holding roses .
i cant wait to see these lights in action at the concert later . these guys dressed as the village people for the talent show . i think this guy was supposed to be madonna ? these two ladies were crazy , i think the picture speaks for itself . this young lady won first prize in the talent show for her rendition of `` candle in the wind '' .
a piece of artwork is made out of records that have been bent to look like flowers . the woman is speaking at the microphone and the two men are hugging up on stage a lady dressed up in a funny outfit standing on stage in front of the microphone , with people surrounding her . the crowd enjoys their gathering , all decked in red , white , and blue . the woman is wearing a lot of sparkles and holding roses .
my grandchildren 's school had an art show where foods made into animals was a category . we made this porcupine out of a watermelon . this was a first place very creative entry . this was an interesting alligator . there was also a contest for drawings which my granddaughter won a prize in !
some type of green vegetable has been given a face made from black-eyed peas and broccoli . a watermelon with many toothpicks sticking in it and and other things to make it look like a porcupine . image of a variety of fruit made into different cartoon characters at a contest . the 1st place winner of a food art contest . a picture of a dolphin colored by a child is framed and hung on a wall . above the picture is a photo that reads age 6-7 , [organization] [organization] [organization] .
i like decorative vegetables . like this watermelon . and this guys . or this funny bloke . and this unrelated dolphin !
a green pepper on a white plate with broccoli and other vegetables arranged to make a face . my son made a spikey pucker fish watermelon for his school project ( i totally made it ) . this image is of figures that have been created with vegetables . a dog is made out of various vegetables and sits on a plate . a picture of a blue dolphin is framed and on the wall.the artist is six or seven .
the creature was green and had a face . there were many designs out of vegetables and even a drawing .
a pepper is decorate with broccoli as hair and it 's face is the end of the paper which creates a frowned faced in a display of produce , a watermelon has been decorated to resemble a puffer fish . fruit is decorated so it looks like people with faces the vegetables are put together to look like an animal . a drawing of a dolphin on a green frame
for me st. [male] 's day is for partying and having a good time . green beer seems to always show up on this day . that girl needed some help on the steps . i think some of the guests was having a better time than they should . seeing this girl shows me what they mean by being a party animal .
some small shamrocks cover a shamrock tablecloth design . man sitting on a chair near a window and lamp . a young man and woman with the woman holding a can a woman smiles while holding her drink in a bar a group of people making faces and laughing .
here is out table cloth with shamrocks on it . here 's a couple of us sitting around and drinking . my boyfriend and i dancing and having fun . my sister looks like she has blue hair ! friends sitting around and acting crazy .
shiny shamrocks lie atop a shamrock designed tablecloth . it is drinking time with christmas lights on the shades and too much alcohol . a man and a woman are dancing and drinking . a young woman is dancing with her hand in the air while she cups her drink with a napkin . a group of three people laughing and hands in the air .
it was st. [male] 's day . we held a big party for everyone . not everyone wore green though . the drinks were plenty . everyone had a great time .
a table cloth with shamrocks on them and little confetti shaped as shamrocks . a man with a bear and glasses is sitting on an easy chair holding a beer . a tall man and a shorter woman smile while looking down at the floor . a woman is laughing while holding a drink . a women joyfully poses by leaning on a man for a photo .
birthday celebrations are underway ! the cake and the baker are beautiful ! excited to dig in to the cake ! the cherries and coconut make this cake extra exotic . sisters celebrating a great birthday !
a woman sitting in front of the birthday cake a lady sitting at a table in front of a cake . two women are pictured with a child and a cake . a large white cake with many candles sits on a table with other desserts . these four college friends get together and making food to eat
oh my ! what a lovely gathering of beauty . someone is celebrating a birthday ! could be her ? or her ? it 's her ! beautiful , she is , may she celebrate many more among friends ... : )
a birthday cake and celebrants pose for photo while at table . an asian woman smiles and poses in front of her birthday cake . three females sitting in front of a decorated cake at a table a birthday cake that is on top of the table . four asian women in a kitchen smile posing .
before the cake makes and apperance and there 's the cake ! just sisters smiling ! bbf ! ! ! ! ! smile ! cake time !
the girls are posing for the camera in front of the birthday cake . they made her a coconut cake for her birthday two ladies and a small child posing in front of a candle topped cake . a white cake is on top of a table four asian women are posing and smiling together .
there was a terrible storm yesterday . a tree was knocked over by the wind and landed on my car ! the windows of my house were blown out by the strong winds . the storm damaged many buildings taking away the roofs of some homes . trees blocked roads , damaged houses and cars , and took down power lines . after the storm the police were busy taking reports of the damage that occurred .
picture of a red two story building with a fallen evergreen tree in front of it . the rooftops of the buildings are worn out two men in front of a car hit by a fallen tree . fallen tree on side of van in alley way . two police officers standing on the street in yellow vests .
there was an emergency situation after the storm . many trees had fallen and , a building was damaged . the damage to the building was very severe . cars nearby were damaged as well . luckily , the police were nearby to help .
a two story red brick house with a felled coniferous tree in front of it . a home with a lot of damage to the roof and walls people standing next to a large tree laying down in the middle of a street lined with buildings and cars . a white van is parked near a fallen tree two police officers wearing green reflective vests talk to each other in the street .
there was a storm that got so bad it knocked over trees . a large brick building was completely demolished . trees were knocked down all around it . one tree barely missed a van . two officers showed up to keep people out .
a tree has fallen over in front of an old red house a row of dilapidated houses . a fence and swing set . the men are looking at the tree that fell in the street . a tree that has been blown down by the weather very close to a vehicle two british bobbies standing in the road with a cat .
i was happy to finally arrive in location for business plus vacation . i found japanese traditional houses very unique . i rented a car from the airport and drove to my hotel . the hotel room was tiny but it had everything that i needed . at the end of my trip , i went to visit a japanese family . they were my college friend 's relatives . it was fun to be able to meet a traditional japanese family .
the walk way that brings you to the other side of the city . an oriental building sitting on the lake with trees around . an apartment complex erected on city block near trees a small room has simple furniture and furnishings . a family of people in a kitchen smiling for the camera .
this was our first time here and this building was quite a first site . the streets were very lively that day . even the vending machines were vibrant . the city really lit up at night and looked very modern . we all posed for a picture with our friends .
a triptych shows the city view along the riverside . a dojo sits on a pond in a forested area . a five story brick building overlooks a street . a couple of photos from a room are laying out an asian-american family gathers together to celebrate the upcoming marriage of the youngest son .
the city was full of buildings and water . our hotel was also very close to the water . we saw another hotel across the street with red bricks . my wife brought a bundle of photos . we took a group picture together at the end of the night .
a bridge in a city over a calm river . an asian type house surrounded by water and trees a five story red apartment building in the day . assembled photos depicting a clean and organized bedroom two men and four women , some not smiling , are posing near a table .
during our trip , we toured a historic estate with vast gardens . there were classically inspired statues everywhere on the property . i was impressed by the huge female sphinx in front of the mansion . my friend loved the building with its impressive roof line and tower . we even toured the wine cellars on the property .
two people walking down a long path in a field a status of a shirtless man playing a flute . a sculpture of a sphinx , with the female human part of the creature wearing a phrygian cap on her head and a cloth mantle draped across her bosom . a large mansion sits on forested land , with a big fountain out front . old souvenirs sitting on a shelf behind bars away from people 's touch but within people 's view
we walked down the path to the castle . we were greeted at the entrance by pan . once inside the gate we saw this sphinx lady . the architecture of the castle was very detailed . inside we found many interesting relics to look at .
a couple walking on a trail in a park . a pan flute player makes a song by a wall an odd concrete sculpture of a lion 's body with a woman 's head resides in front of regal estates in a suburban neighborhood . a huge house is on display behind of a pond . a metal fence is protecting a display at a museum .
walking up the cobblestone way we soon will be entering a special place . this statue is so life like even in modern times . creativity describes this combination of a human face with the body of an animal . stately and magnificent are ways to capture this estate . the privacy fence is fashionable and adorning .
people are walking down a long path that leads to trees . a statue of a man playing a flute . an interesting looking sphinx in the middle of a city center the tall building is near the trees and gardens . several antique objects are in a protective cage
visiting my local comedy club this often has gotten me used to some pretty impressive performances . such as a performance where to comedians bring a lot of satire while sitting on a couch and talking as if they are in your living room . or instances where a bunch of different comedians pretend to be at a party , each thing of random things about the other . of course you also get instances were two comedians go at it , not just with words , but physical humor . last but not least however ; are those comedians who can play well and tell great jokes to .
the man reads the pamphlet on the chair a man with shaggy hair and a silly grin , sits in a chair , while holding a saxophone . a man and woman are singing into microphones a man is standing holding his guitar next to a music stand . the man and the woman are the microphones
[male] was in charge of band rehearsal . [male] was not enthusiastic about the band rehearsal . [male] pleaded with everyone to liven up and get ready to rehearse . finally the band started rehearsing and they actually played pretty good . [male] was content with the way the band performed .
the man sits in a chair as he reads over the paper . a young man sitting on a chair while playing music a man with glasses singing with a woman dressed in black a man with a beard holding a guitar is looking at the camera . a man and woman are giving a performance .
i am just sitting here waiting for the show to begin . the musicians are tuning up their instruments . the show is finally getting started . what a great job they are doing playing with such enthusiasm . the announcer is doing a great job as well .
man sitting with legs crossed in a room with many chairs . a man holding a saxaphone with his hair in his eyes . the lady has her arm up and pointing upward as they stand at the mic a bearded man stands on stage holding a guitar . a speaker standing near a microphone to share a message .
everyone was really excited for karaoke night . we all discussed what we 'd be singing . each person who took the stage was a hit . some people were too shy to go up . i did really well during my song .
a group of people sitting at a table drinking beer . two friends converse while sitting at a table with beer on it . a man with glasses that is holding up a mic . a man sitting with a hoody on his head 1 man singing into a microphone for a group of people
all the friends gathered that night to enjoy a night of party and fun . jokes were cracked between these two couples . uncle [male] decided that he wanted to do karaoke ! this was the reaction of most of us : embarrassment . even uncle [male] took a chance at singing too !
a group of young adults socializes and drinks beer around a long table . the two people laugh as they talk at the table . i man singing into a microphone at a party . a man wearing all gray and his hood over his face . the man is singing in a microphone at a bar .
the karaoke bar was a mess when [female] stepped in . there was a fat man trying to sing a [female] [male] song . [female] decided to go up on the table and fight for the microphone . it did n't work because some other fat man won it over . [female] gave up after the man in blue decided that he was eminem .
a bunch of people sitting at a bar . two people sitting at a table with beer chatting . a man is singing karaoke into a microphone . a man 's face is covered with his hoodie . open mike night at the local means a man can serenade his best girl without embarassment .
this is missy the cat , she is sad because her owner is on vacation . missy 's owner [male] is visiting one of his favorite sport stadiums . he has managed to get every angle he could for some great pictures . but nothing beats the picture of actual stadium itself . [male] has had a nice vacation but now wants to head home to see his cat missy .
a white and brown cat in a green flower planter a man in a cowboy hat sits on a well groomed lawn with a metal structure in the background . a green field outside ab uilding with many birds . a large area with a circular fence in the middle man with brimmed hat stands next to fence in large open area .
the small kitten had a unique personality . almost as unique as his . he had found it at work . someone had abandoned it in the stadium . they probably knew someone would be a sucker for it and he was the sucker .
a tabby cat sitting in a flower box on the porch man with hat on is lying down on the grass . birds fly over a grassy field near a white building . a circular apparatus in the ground with walkways crossing above . a man with his arms akimbo standing on grass with a hill in the background .
there was a cute stray cat making the soil his home . the man found a good resting place when visiting the monument . it had amazing architecture and the walls were so smooth . the center of object was very unique and intriguing . he posed for another picture before he left .
a cat laying in the flower pot on the porch . a man in an odd black outfit relaxes by lying down in a grassy field in front of a large metal structure . birds on and above a lawn next to a modern structure . a picture of an empty stadium is displayed . the man in the hat has his hands folded .
i recently attended a bridal shower with my best friend . this is a picture of her with her sister . this was her mother and mother-in-law to be . we also had a great dinner that evening . i got a picture with myself , the birde to be and her mother , it was a great day .
three friends pose for a photograph at a bar . women sitting around a table with wine glasses around . the women all gathered during a baby celebration a woman is looking at a piece of clothing at a party for her given by her friends . a group of ladies are gathered around a table .
sister make the best friends . best friends forever . these two were the life of the party . what a great group of gals . we had a blast together . so happy to spend time with these wonderful women .
three blond woman posing for a picture together a girl sits at a table writing while her friends look at a book . the gathered women in dresses went through the gifts for the baby shower . a woman is looking at a tag on a shirt . a girls night out is just what the doctor ordered .
the sisters are having drinks to celebrate . it 's our little sister 's baby shower and she 's looking at the gifts . she opened the present to find it 's a gift for a baby toy . another present is a baby 's outfit . everyone is gathered around the table to watch her open her gifts .
three women smiling for a photo in front of at a bar . women at a bridal shower are drinking wine . a group of ladies drinking wine while one is opening a present . a woman inspects a new sweater she has received as a gift . a group of older women sit a dining table , gathered for a celebration .
one of my many favorite vacation spots is an old town in location called location . it has so many interesting and eye pleasing artistic litle touches . my mom used to love the glass-maker on corner 's private collection on display in his windows . they did some crazy folk dances that you wanted to make fun of but you found yourself jumping in to join along . everywhere you look you can see eclectic splashes all over town . one thing is for sure you can never call wizardville boring .
the top view of a collection of houses in a neighborhood . blue and gold flowers painted on a glass window . assortment of various glass objects on sunlit window sill bottom half of people are shown standing on a wooden floor a large paper mache face is on a wall
while shopping for a new place to live , we looked in the location section of town . the view provided by the bedroom window overlooked a small portion of the neighborhood . however the kitchen view was n't the greatest but we were more interested in the apartment than the view . the staircase was well-made and looked to be in good working order . the bathroom provided a nice view of the mountains in the distance .
the houses are in multiple shades and materials such as bricks and wood . a group of sunflowers that are next to each other . empty bottles are sitting on a window sill . an image of a legs of a two man and a woman a unique piece of artwork surrounded by lights .
this is the view from our hotel room . is n't this town adorable ? some children 's art at the local museum . some really neat bottles in our lobby . people hanging out at the museum . more children 's art .
a group of houses that you can mostly only see the rooftops four flowers that have been painted onto a window . glassware sits on the sill of the window . the lower half of people 's bodies can be seen under a stand odd looking sculpture of a head fastened to a blue background with christmas lights around it
the one gay pride parade i went to was very interesting . there were rainbows everywhere . it was fantastic seeing everyone so united . the floats were pretty humorous . lots of people came out to support .
a road being monitored by law enforcement during a parade . a group of people hold rainbow flags and ride motorcycles down a city street . supporters for a [female] tomorrow roll out the welcome mat for [organization] 's appearance at their latest walkathon . a colorful float with a pink base and people standing atop it . a bunch of people in blue shirts are walking in a parade while playing on green drums .
recently there was a gay pride celebration in the city . the parade started out with people on bikes and motorcycles . there were larger floats in the parade , too . some people came from other countries to attend . everyone had a great time at the parade .
a parade takes place in a city on a sunny day . a large gay pride parade in the middle of the street . people walking on a street holding rainbow fabric . people that are riding on a parade float that has pink balloons . a group of performers marching in a parade playing drums .
the glace stood up above the building that nice day . the parade was starting with flags and people lined up . the float was a colorful pink with balloons on top . some ladies held a location flag during the parade . the people in the parade held up a colorful flag while others walked behind .
a parade down a city street with a group of motorcyclists . a lot of people are marching in a gay parade rainbows have become a national symbol for sexual orientations . a float is going by in what looks like a gay pride festival with men on it partially dressed . people marching on the streets carrying drums
the fair was packed with people . at the organic market vendors sold their produce to people who came to see the concert . the sound system at the show was really loud . kids and adults both enjoyed the rides . overall the fair was a huge success and everyone wanted to stay as long as possible .
a picture of a small game shop in an amusement park people are gathered around an outside food market a group of people attending a music concert . a little boy and his dad on a ride at the carnival . a digital sign above a building with orange letters and numbers .
the farmers market looks great today , and we will start here . as we move along there are so more fresh products at this location . yum , some even better beats and onions are right here . after all this walking the father and son want to sit and relax for a minute . finally , after all that shopping we are going to enjoy one of the shoes here .
a booth is orange and says dance veto a outdoor market with vegetables displayed on a table . a crowd listening to a band perform live a boy and his father are sitting on a carnival ride . a digital sign shows that the temperature is 22 celsius .
my parents and i went to a carnival in the foreign country we were visiting . the locals had set up a lot of booths to sell fruits and vegetables . we watched a local rock concert put on at the festival . later , we rode a carnival ride that was very familiar to us . the thermometers all showed the temperature in celsius instead of fahrenheit .
a man is standing in a orange , yellow , and blue booth at the carnival . various people browse and shop at an outdoor market . group of people gathered to watch performance of artists play music a man and boy are riding a carnival ride . a sign tells people what the temperature in celcius is
ravi and all his friends loved school he really loved reading . he got to pick out a new book at the book fair . ravi and his brother read it together . it was such a fun book .
a bunch of kids are sitting outside together . impoverished youth holding up a children 's book and looking joyful . young boys examining and reading various books on several tables . two children look at a colorful childrens book two young boys in a tent with books in a reading program , one is reading aloud .
the indian boys were able to go to school from an obama grant . they learned how to read . they were excited to be able to even hold a book . many places did n't even allow girls to read . progress was happening in this little indian village .
young school student in native land pose for group photo . these two children seem to like these books . a group of kids gathered around a table of books looking at them . two children looking through an open story book . the two boys are hanging out while they read a book
a group of young students are enjoying themselves on a school trip . they are visiting a book fair . everyone is enjoying looking at the interesting books on offer . these two boys have found an interesting book about animals . everyone is encouraged to read aloud .
kids standing around looking at a book outside . the local villagers pose with their favorite childhood books . a bunch of children are gathered around reading books and magazines . kids standing and reading books from a table covered in books there are two young boys reading a book .
grandpa used to race his bike all the time . the bikers would take off so quickly down the streets . the race would be so close you could hardly contain yourself . even just one second could determine the winner . your grandpa was one of the best bikers there .
a group of bike riders race to the finish line to win . a line of bikers are now coming near the finish line black and white blurred photo of cyclists racing on street a lot of people are racing on bikes a group of people biking at an event .
today i 'm not here to ride . i 'm here to take pictures of these awesome riders . look how fast they are going . this guy is fast and wins every year . there he goes , off for the win . and again , he wins it . bikers are great .
bicyclists speed by during a road race in a city . 4 bicyclist wearing helmets participating in an event people wearing helmets are racing bicycles in a black and white image . a large group of people stand on the sidelines to watch a bicyclist race . a black and white picture of people riding bicycles
the race had begun and the racers tried their best to gain a lead early . one rider drew away from the pack ; would he be today 's winner ? another racer tried to pull around from behind to take the lead . however , the frontrunner was too far ahead . the leader could see the finish line now ; all he had to do was make it there .
mini bicyclists in and into with the photo racing down city street four bikers are racing through a street in a single file line . many cyclists are participating in a marathon race . bicycling event with the riders rounding the corner a man riding a bicycle in a race .
i did not like my old church so i decided to attend a new one . the preacher got up and gave the sermon was so much emotion , it is not what i am used to . after the sermon all the gospels began , this church had their very own band . the way that they sing moved my soul . i am so glad that i made the decision to switch churches .
the fat man in a gingham shirt was not very impressive . a man in jeans and sneakers speaks into a microphone at the front of a church . two man on a stage singing and playing the guitar . two men sitting on stools and playing musical instruments a man is playing the trombone , with a guitar player in the background .
there was a local talent show . [male] sang at chhurch . [male] sang and [male] played guitar . they sang good rock music . [male] played a trumpet too !
a man on a stage talking to different people man standing in a church talking into a microphone two men sing on a church chancel , with real conviction ! two musicians that are playing on the stage . man wearing a vest playing the trumpet with a guitar player in the background .
i ca n't wait to hear what 's in store for tonight . i love listening to these speakers . this duo got the crowd into it . they sure made everyone take notice on their second song . once this happened , everyone got up from their seats .
a person standing on a platform and holding a microphone . an image of a tall man on stage giving a speech two members of a band belt out lyrics and one member is playing the guitar too . two men sitting in front of a mike and performing music on stage a man is playing a trombone in front of a stage .
saturday we went to a carnival . they had lots of different food vendors there . we got to ride the organization organization . we also played lots of games . at the end of the day we stopped at a grill to get something to eat .
people are standing around at the carnival around dusk . these are detailed banners advertising a food joint garbage and papers plastered against a fence looking into a carnival . two people stand inside an arcade , looking at a game . people walking down a boardwalk in front of the [organization] [organization] .
the state fair came to town today and everyone is enjoying the fun . the italian sausages are always a big hit.the food fair is one of the best parts of the event . lights from the fair rides light up the night . the ferris wheel added a sense of time less amusement . of course playing the fair games and winning the prizes is always fun . the night ended with the smell of tempting foods and music in the air .
several people are by or on a picnic table on a walkway near a carnival . several large statues atop a booth at a boardwalk the papers are scatterd around the wired place a person that is taking care of the games . people gathered around a grill house on a cloudy day
family first time in amusement park . nice food to eat by the park after long walk scary ride on the sky wheel we won a stuff toy from this game store walking by the food stands and restaurant .
a large ferris wheel stands behind the tents . a restaurant is displayed as the sun sets . different rides are in front of a ferris wheel carnival games at a place called astroland games . [location] [location] offers its delights to those looking for amusement even on cloudy days .
i love our vacation photos the ocean and views were amazing then we entered the peninsula to see the bird sanctuary . the birds were nestling on the rocks as always i tried to be funny getting my photo taken here
a sign indicating a seal colony area , with hawaiian writing below that . kelp floats in a blue calm ocean landscape . a large gathering of stones in all shapes and sizes . a couple black birds perched on some rocks in a large body of water . a person meditates inside a stone alcove next to the sea .
ah the seal colony . this is where they said we could find the oracle . well , i 'm not seeing any seals here . are you sure we 're in the right place ? this beach is murder on my ankles . no wonder there are n't any seals here , it 's all stony . `` i think they 're looking for the oracle '' . `` hey , she 's over there '' . what helpful birds ! at last , there she is . excuse me , we 've been looking for you miss oracle . can you help us find the mysterious cave ? i think she 's in a trance .
a green sign with yellow writing on it rocky area and choppy waters shown along ocean shore an area with gray pebbles of different shapes and sizes . rugged rocks jutting out from turbulent waters on the sea a person that is sitting inside of a stone structure near the water .
we stopped here while on vacation . the water was beautiful . the beach was rocks , not sand . the birds there were huge . my wife found an old fireplace and thought it was a shrine .
a sign in a raised bed , that says [organization] [organization] [organization] . the water is choppy with the different swimming animals . an assortment of rocks varying in colors of grey and white two brigs sit on a rocky outcrop above the water . a lady sitting in a cross legged position in a stone relic .
[male] opened his last present but was n't sure what it was . i looked at my husband and asked if he knew how to put it together . grandpa said he could put anything together . my husband said he was supervising . finally the finished product . a cool awing for the boys playroom .
a boy wears a striped sweater and pajama pants . a woman is sitting on the floor playing with children a man and woman open a gift they received . man with grey shirt , jeans and white socks . lying on blue upraised exercise mat . a woman stands in a room with her child .
christmas was going well for the children one got a huge gift ! the dad got a horse head and the mom got a book . everyone had a good time .
a young child in a striped sweater and winter themed pajama pants . a women sits with kids while they unwrap presents . an older couple look through two large books . a man that is laying on top of the blue mats . a woman is standing with childdren in a play room
the family came over to open christmas gifts in morning . [male] was eager to open his and could n't wait another second [male] was n't sure how he felt about his gift . mom was happy to receive the book she 's been wanting . [female] opening her first christmas gift !
the little boy loved his shirt that had many colors an image of a woman that is playing with kids a woman and man sit in the living room reading . a man reclines on gym gear underneath sunny windows . the woman is setting up the playroom for the children .
my grandparents always loved going to the jazz fest down town . this stranger loved the music apparently . out grandparents were old school hippies as well . my grand father knew this man , he was a good on the guitar . my brother took this photo and i am not sure how he did but it was cool to look at .
an older man who looks like a [organization] [organization] fan , with a white beard and wearing a faded uncle [male] hat and a tie-dyed hoodie . a main wearing a tie-dyed shirt is looking up at the sun . an older couple , decked out in tie-dye clothing , peace sign accessories , and round sunglasses . an older man wearing a ring playing the guitar . someone blow this pretty bubble and it is blue .
cool day at the rainbow parade . what 's he looking at ? look it 's [male] and [female] , they came again . some of the local bands . a unique bubble just flying through the air .
man wearing sunglasses and a dirty old uncle sam hat is sitting a man with a tie-dye shirt and sunglasses looks up at the sky . a male and female dressed in colorful close smiling . a man with gray hair playing a guitar . a soap bubble is against a blue sky .
there was once a young man who decided to go to a local community concert . he saw plenty of old people dancing and talking to the music , and just enjoying themselves . he also saw hipsters blowing bubbles and drinking beer as they watched the entertainment . he favorite performer was a young lady , who sand a song that reminded him of home . however , the crowd favorite seemed to be the old man that rocked out to classic 80 's rock music .
a groovy man sitting outside wearing a patriotic hat . picture of a man with an afro wearing sunglasses looking up in the sky . the colorful couple is enjoying their time together . a man is playing a guitar and is taking his time . a bubble is floating up in the sky
we decided to go to location on vacation this year . location was absolutely beautiful , i love how the buildings sit right on the water . the architecture was amazing , we do n't have buildings like these in the states . we took a gondola down the canal , it was very romatic . the food was very different than i 'm used to , i never was quite sure what i was eating .
traditional older european pedestrian market street lined with shops . an ornate church facade is between two tall buildings . a concrete bridge over a river running through town . a group of houses is shown at a waterfront , and the weather is partly cloudy . a historic building with two four-story towers , behind a modern-day courtyard with benches and hedges .
our tour started out in the morning walking the streets of this old-world city . we saw this gorgeous building which has a clock and intricate carvings in the facade of the building . love the city built right on the canal . and even more home-like buildings to travel to by boat . we ended our day at this amazing place with two bell towers and steeples .
the tall buildings amazed me . they towered over us all . a very tall ornate cathedral at the end of the road with apartments on either side . buildings are reflected in the city waters during the day a bunch of buildings are by the shore an old looking building seems to be floating on water
i was following a street while on vacation . i was amazed when the street ended here . the entire city was beautiful . there was lots of waterfront property . this was the most amazing building i saw on the water .
looking down a narrow street in a foreign locale , large buildings casting shadows on either side , and a church steeple in the distance . a beautiful building that 's been heavily decorated with bas relief buildings and bridge viewed from the canal at a distance . a row of homes that are next to a calm body of water , with green trees behind them on a hill . a older building which has great historic significance .
last easter 's party was really awesome . my nephew woke up to his basket and he was totally thrilled . he kept finding neat things in his basket to eat . he always has fun teasing his little brother . after we ate , we all sat back and watched some t.v . before going home .
the little boy is searching for easter eggs . young child digging through his easter basket to get his treats . the boy is enjoying his easter basket on the carpet two boys are opening the gifts they received in their easter baskets . a child standing next to a man reclined on a couch .
our little guy had fun playing with the basket of toys ! he was entertained well by the basket of goodies ! our little guys had fun playing around ! even daddy enjoyed the toys ! the end result was a work of art for family !
a boy holds several easter eggs in a room filled with easter items . a young boy empties out his easter basket in his pajamas . a young child going through his easter goodies . two young boys in pajamas play with toys and easter baskets . a man is laying on a couch while his son is standing near him
waking up to easter gift baskets . loving his new gifts already . checking out his new toys . sharing a toy with his cousin . all ready for dinner with his uncle .
a happy child enjoys all of his easter presents . boy in his pajamas picking goodies from the easter basket . a young boy in his pajamas looks through candy and other gifts in his easter basket . a boy in green pajamas holding a net over a little boys head surrounded by easter baskets and eggs . a man is sitting on the couch while a boy approaches .
going to the beach is a lot of fun ! today it is not that crowded and it is great being here relaxing . there is a great pier to walk over the water on or do some fishing . there are plenty of rocks to walk on . some of the rocks are dangerous so be careful if you come here .
on the beach a man is jumping for the camera picture . a beach with a line of cars parked on it . a wooden deck leads out to the ocean during the day . a photograph of the beach with large mountains on the side low water covering rocks and sand and green plants
i finished my shift at the pharmacy cash register in the early afternoon . so i headed to the beach which had a pretty good crowd near the water . i was elated at the choice i had made . i saw a lighthouse in the distance and decided to hike closer to admire the setting . as i reached the small inlet near the lighthouse , i could see the ideal access that the lighthouse had to the open sea . it was a very nice afternoon .
man jumping in air on a sandy white beach with blue water in background . the beach is deserted on a slightly cloudy day . a long wooden pier with railing on one side going from the beach out toward the ocean . a rocky beach area showing a cliff with lots of vegetation . coral reef sticking out of a tidal pool area .
we were so happy that we finally made it to the beach after a long drive . the view was great and there were hardly any other people there . the was a long wooden pier . we took a lot of pictures . i also spent some time exploring the tide pools .
a man wearing a black tee shirt and green shorts jumping in the air a blue sky over a sandy beach with people swimming the water is blue in color and stil and calm [male] beach scene and horizon ; water is very blue . ocean waters display different colors , from blue to green .
i took a short walk on the nature trail to the beach . there were a lot of huge trees along the way . some of them were over 100 feet tall . it was cloudy when we got to the beach . but after about half an hour the skies cleared up !
a man poses for a photo in front of a towering tree . the large tree in the forest is a odd shape . a tree grows tall to the sky , with patches of green leaves . a beach with mountains in the far background small rocky outcropping stands up from the water near a northern beach .
the guy took a photo near the tree then of the tree itself . the tree was huge and by a lake that was very relaxing .
the man is posing in front of the enormous tree and greenery . a tree trunk is massive with moss growing on it a healthy tree in daylight towers above the cameraman . overcast clouds are cast over a beach and ocean calm ocean waves and a sandy beach with grassy hills in the distance .
we went for a hike on a nature trail . it was a cloudy , grey day . there were many interesting rock formations along the coast . we made sure to dispose of our trash properly . the sun came out just as we finished our walk .
a man in a white shirt standing in front of a large tree . a very big tree presumably protected telling by the wooden fence in front of it . a tall tree is in the middle of the woods overcast skies mute this photo of a deserted beach . a small island lies just off the coastline of a larger land mass .
i played tennis today on wii . nobody else was home , so i decided to play by myself . the system matched me with three other players , so i had a virtual partner . have a team mate made it more enjoyable to play . otherwise i would have been lonely .
a wii sports menu with the tennis option selected . the wii sports game was ready for the selection of players to be made . screen shot of four tennis players on a video game . people on a green and white tennis court . a video game of two teams playing tennis
ok what do i do ? i see i have to pick a numbered square . i sure do like tennis . this game is going to rock . i know i will win .
a screen shows the different game options that can be played . group of number are visible on a screen the video game is displayed on the television screen a tv screen with a wii sports tennis game . a screen shot from a game of wii tennis .
let 's get started with a game of tennis . this is going to be for one player . i get to pick who i 'm going to play against . now i 'm ready to go . this is great , my opponent missed the ball .
wii sports screen showing they are selecting to play tennis . this picture shows a game of wii tennis is about to start . the player is selecting how many players will play . a tennis game on a tv screen being played . a tennis match is being played with very few people in the stands . a group of players take part in a video game of tennis .
it was a great night at the plaza the rooms lit up the night sky and everyone wanted to be at the plaza their were gift shops where you could buy stuff too it was a wonderful time to stay at the hotel
the front of the crowne plaza building at night . a well lighted building with a foreign language on the front wall . a multi colored lighted wheel on top of a building grand foyer with large , golden chandelier and opulent floors . long building structure with tower seen at night .
we went on vacation and stayed at the location location hotel . the outside of the building was very impressive . we could n't believe they had a organization wheel . the inside of the hotel was even more impressive then the outside . we had never been to such a luxurious hotel .
a photo of the crowne plaza hotel at night . large multi story building as seen from across street at night . a colorfully lighted ferris wheel dominates the photo . a giant chandelier in the middle of a hotel lobby . a large fountain with a plant is underneath the chandelier . a long white building brightly lit up at night .
the crowne plaza is a beautiful building . the building is lit up and can be seen for miles . it has a colorful organization organization with a breathtaking view . the interior of the building is a another story . it is nice to see buildings that are beautiful .
picture taken at ground level looking up at the illuminated crowne plaza . a large hotel with asian writing on the signs is lit up at night . ferris wheel that has purple , green ad white lights , at night the ceilings in the hotel are high with great designs a white building at night . the building is laid out horizontally , with many arches .
we had a lot of snow during the holidays . our whole city was covered in a thick blanket of snow . even the park had the benches covered , there was nothing visible at all . we had to wear thick coats just to keep warm . it made the sunset look spectacular when it reflected on the snow .
night image of a snowy house on a hill with white lights around roofline a snowy field in winter with sun setting behind the trees . a bench on a snowy field has a large amount of snow on the seat . a man is photographed during a snow storm . a late sun setting with three buildings lit up .
a couple spent a day and night in a snowy cabin getaway . they rose early in the morning to watch the sun come up . as it did , they found a nearby bench that demonstrated the sterile , quite calm of the morning . they noticed that frost had accumulated from the moisture on the woman 's hair and eyelashes . as they watched the sun set again , they marveled at how wonderful their day had been .
a string of white lights light up a small house and a tree on a snowy night . the sun is setting over a snow covered field . the snow covered field is kissed by the morning sun , and slowly melting the snow off the bench . a man in a heavy coat and fur hood over his head stands in snow with the woods in the background . the sun is off in the distance behind a wall of trees .
it was the perfect time of year for hot cocoa . the lake had frozen up weeks ago . the snow was a few feet deep . and frost covered my hair almost immediately after i stepped outside . as the sunset , the cold air dropped below zero .
the tree and eaves of the house have been outlines in white lights . a winter scene with snow on the ground , trees in the background and the sun going down . bench in snow with trees in the background and sun setting a photographer bundles up against the cold on a snowy day . a distant view of a lake and houses on the other side while the sun is going down .
we went for a trip to an old river factory . the drive there was beautiful . a.t the river , it had all the old river machines that they used to work it was neat to see the old relics . the machine had become obsolete , so i had one last look at them before i had to leave .
hood of car on street between two rocky mountains a dirty lake with waves and green trees in front of it . a strange floating object in a body of water . a gloomy day besides some water and rocks a frigid coastline is shown with various rusty machinery and barrels scattered about .
i drove for hours to get to the beach . when i got there it was almost dark . there was a lot of strange equipment set up there . no one else was around . i decided to leave and head back home .
a long narrow roadway with high cliffs rising steeply on each side almost forming a tunnel . looking down at a body of water surrounded by trees . a large piece of equipment that is submerged in water a group of staircases that are in the water . abandoned equipment waits at the shoreline for its workers .
we saw the location location sign which meant we reached our halfway point . we still had miles to go . we passed by a lot of abandoned equipment . instead of driving overnight , we decided to set up a campsite . eventually after five days of driving we arrived at our new home in a small part of location .
a car is driving on a somewhat unpaved trail a dried up lakebed is surrounded by mountains in the background and pine trees in the foreground . a contraption that is made out of metal and wood . the docks are floating next to the shore . a rough coastline with rocks that shows a view of the mountains .
[male] went prepared to go on a trip that involved hiking , camping and climbing . he went with a group and camped with others on the mountain . he climbed high and took pictures at major milestones on the way up . he made it to the top and saw the clouds . in order to commemorate the event he and his friends took pictures at the end of the trip .
a hiker stops and poses at a foreign embassy . a small group of people sitting on a mountain clearing . the grass is blooming underneath the bright blue sky . a man is enjoying a brief moment during a camping trip . an individual standing on a hill in a mountainous area .
this man is starting his hiking trip . he set up a blue and white tent before dark he has reached a point where he place a sign . on the side of the mountain there is plenty water below . the man reach the top of the mountain and is having himself a beverage .
a man with a back pack and walking stick outside a building . a group of people who are hiking on top of a this hill . it is dayime in the picture and very windy a man camping in the nature with a tent and a backpack the view from the hillside was magnificent and beautiful .
it was a big day because we were going hiking . after an hour of walking we decided to stop and rest a little . it was calm ans soothing to hear nature . we had to prepare our tent for the night since its going to be a bit cold . what a great way to wake up and be among these beautiful mountains .
a man holding a cane coming down the steps . a group of people that are on top of a mountain . a large grassy field with tall trees overlooking the horizon on a bright sunny day as a white fluffy cloud passes by . a person hiking in the forest . a tent can be seen besides the man . a man that is on top of the mountain .
we were so excited about the natural history museam . we got to see all the dinosaur skeletons . then we looked at the polar bear . one of the exhibits showed us how the earth looked millions of years ago . we even got to see a real space shuttle .
a colorful ferris wheel with stairs leading up to it this is a large skeleton of a hand of some sort . the boat is covered with a tarp to keep dirt out a stuffed polar bear stands next to a mounted sea lion on display . the squirrel is in the middle of the dirty floor
after the fair we went to the museum . there were a ton of skeletons there . i had a great time there . there were some polar bears too . there was also a nature exhibit .
colorful amusement park ride set among tree 'd area . huge bones at the exhibit were fun to look at . a skeleton of a big animal that is on display . white stuffed polar bear on display at the museum . an enclosure for some kind of animal , most likely at a zoo
natural world museums give us the chance to see life that we would n't normally get to see . this museum shows us what different creatures bones structures were like . some animals were massive . it 's hard to imagine how big this creature was when it was alive . some creatures still exist , yet sometimes we forget how big they are . museums are very educational and fun to visit .
a colorful carnival ride sits empty on a sunny day . a large set of bones hangs in front of people at a museum this is a skeleton for an animal that is displayed in the museum . this image is a model of a white polar bear . a large outdoor area with several weeds , mushrooms , and some rotted wood .
i was in the mood for a hike , so i decided to go to the beach . i hiked along the shoreline around sunset . it was very calming , and i felt rejuvenated . i guess a friend of mine had the same idea , we continued the hike together . we walked until dusk and then parted ways .
two men , one with a camera , staring at the ocean . scenic view of ocean waves crashing on a rocky shoreline . fog is over the water and different size rocks a man is walking on the beach during sun set waves violently crashing onto rocks on the shore .
today , we got up early to watch the sunrise . it was a beautiful view , with the waves crashing on the beach below . here , the sun is up a bit higher , so lovely . we made sure to get lots of good pictures ! the sun is mostly up now , what a great start to the day !
a photographer and their companion stand on the rocky shore and take pictures of the sea . waves crashing against the shore as the sunlight fades a view of the waters that can be seen near the mountain . the hiker is walking over the rocky ground that meets the ocean . small waves crashing in to a rocky shore
we had hiked for miles and miles ... we finally reached the point of no return.. the water was flowing over the rocks ... and , the wind was blowing wildly ... we decided we better hurry , because the rain appeared to be coming .
a woman is trying to take a picture of the ocean waves crashing against the rocks on the shore rock outcroppings form over the misty ocean as the sun sets . a man is standing on a rocky shore in front of the ocean taking photos using a tripod . the water is rushing up on the shore .
we got into location on july 4th . we had to ride these long escalators to get to the exit . some of the advertisements in the terminal caught our eye , in particular this one for the tourism board ... and this one advertising the beauty of location location . as we left , these friendly police officers wished us a good vacation !
a flashing sign that advertises a business service . people of different ethnicity descending down an escalator . a picture of an atv on the window of a bus a billboard advertising a city in [location] [location] . the transit workers are standing outside the building talking .
the old man was riding the escalator . he was almost to the top . his kids were already at the top . some police were at the top . it was a train station . they then got on the bus .
black sign with led letters illuminated in red and yellow . an older man in a tan shirt with a camera around his neck rides the escalator . the man is riding on his four wheeler in the woods . the sign shows the picture of the area being visited the transit workers are visiting near the subway steps .
i traveled to location on the 4th of july . after getting off the plane , i took the escalator to get my luggage . there was a video monitor and i watched some motorbike racing while i waited for my luggage . i looked at advertisements for visiting the location location . i began my tour of location location at a glass and concrete building .
the night sky serves as a backdrop for a large sign with illuminated red and yellow text . several people heading down an escalator from outside . person in a helmet on a four wheeler outside . a display invites readers to discover [location] [location] tourism online . a group of men in transit uniforms standing by a glass building .
we arrived at the abandoned train station . the peeling paint was a stark reminder of how deserted this town was . a water tower stood sentinel over the road . stores looked as they did 50 years ago . the church was in remarkably good shape .
a train track is next to a small business . image of a barn door very close up . a water tower has been set under a cloudy sky . a brick store front of an instant cash check cashing business a church in the corner with wreaths by the doors .
we walked along the train tracks as we started exploring . the station had a red door with the paint peeling off . next we passed by a tall water tower . we headed into town . the town had a beautiful church with unique architecture .
a [organization] [organization] [organization] building sits under power lines next to empty railroad tracks . there is a red barn door against a whitewashed wooden wall . a large water tower in front of a dark sky the picture shows the exterior of a check cashing business . a brick church is decorated for the holiday season with wreaths .
the buildings look abandoned . the water tower is tall . this is another vacant building . the curch looks nice . looking up into the top window .
the oil building is sitting next to the railroad tracks . a red wooden shutter on a white a yellow building . a tall structure with a container or tank on top with magee written on it . the front of a small business that cashes checks a very big building that is on the street .
we always enjoy a ball game at the field . nothing like a day in the sun watching the game . my wife is a big fan of the mascot . they seemed to spend a lot of time together ... but i got into the picture as well .. i 'm on the right . the tall guy is yet another mascot . my wife is a mascot magnet ! the game was great . the kids had a fantastic time and our guys won . we always have a fun time cheering them on . the other team did n't stick around after we won big ! maybe next time .
two fans have great front row seats as they get ready to catch a baseball game at [location] [location] . a smiling student hugs the team mascot prior to the start of the game . two people pausing for a photo with a man dressed in costume the batter swung but it appears he missed the ball . a baseball team gathering around home plate excitedly
the couple attended their first baseball game ever . she was so excited to be there she tried to meet every mascot . she even convinced him to be in a few pictures too . they even got to see someone from the team they were rooting for hit a home run . it was a great game , and their team won . they have officially become baseball fans .
there are several empty seats behind first base of a small baseball field . a woman is hugging a mascot of a bobcat . someone in a large dog costume standing in between two people in an outdoor setting . the uniformed baseball player is swinging the bat a baseball team is gathered around home plate
i went to a [male] cat 's game with my family at location location . i posed with a mascot . my son and i took a picture with scooter . here is the view from behind the catcher . it was a great game and the organization organization won .
the seats at a baseball stadium are mostly empty a woman poses with a sports team mascot a dog that is standing next to each other . the umpire crouches down to watch as the batter swings the ball at a baseball game . a baseball team gathers together near home plate .
life underwater is exciting . there are several different types of fish , some who swim in packs ! there are also sting rays , but beware they do n't sting you ! on top of that , you can see several underwater plants that are all alive and use the water to breathe . it 's a fascinating ecosystem .
a bird walking along some wet dirt leaving footprints . an elongated gray fish nibbles gently at the seamoss covered rocks in the aquarium . a school of fish swimming in their natural habitat . stingray with glowing spots swimming under the water . colorful water plants are growing beside a rock .
the aquatic center had shells for sell . looking under the water seemed like another world . the fish had their freedom to swim wherever . the sting ray still looked intimidating . i love seeing the animals interact .
a single white bird walking across a frozen body of water . an image of a rock that is under the water a blue tinted photo of tropical fish swimming about . a sea creature with a long tail is at the bottom of the water . different colored coral living by some rocks under water .
we visited an aquarium that had a little poud outside . the corrals were lovely . and the brightly colored fish swimming in schools were hypontizing . the ray was fun to watch . the anemones swayed in the water , like they were waving us goodbye .
a duck walks along the sand and leaves footprints . a tropical fish takes a bite from a rock a school of fish inside of some water some where a strange underwater creature with bright blue spots . underwater plant wave in current as they grow near rocky bottom .
we took a trip to chicago for the fourth of july weekend . we road on a quad bike for most of the early day . we went to a festival during the day time . they shot off some fireworks over the bay . at the end of the night we spent most of our time looking at the skyline .
a black and white photo of a city 's skyline . a peddle car follows behind a woman walking on the sidewalk . a crowd of people is gathered outside on a street fireworks are lighting up the sky and the water underneath a skyline is illuminated in the night time .
the city was buzzing today . everyone was going somewhere on this nice summer day . lots of people were hanging out at a nearby carnival . the fireworks started going off it was a great day in the city .
a photo of what appears to be a large city with tall buildings . the tourists are enjoying a bicycle ride down the sidewalk . a crowd of people walking down a busy street festival . a boat is in the water as a fireworks display lights up the sky in the distance . the city buildings are lit up for the night time .
the city background was dull . the people were full of gloom . the people walked together off a cliff . they exploded when they fell off . the city was dieing and nobody cared .
a black and white picture shows the skyline of a city past a body of water . a man drives his family down the sidewalk . people are walking around outside at a park . fireworks erupt in the night sky across a body of water with boats . it is night in a city by the water and the tall buildings are lit by lights .
my husband and i went on vacation and found this quaint town . it was christmas time and the town was getting ready to have their winter festival . we were invited to take part in decorating the town tree . the entire town went to the festival , everywhere else was deserted . afterwards we went over to the train station to continue on our journey .
shot of an empty cobblestone street on cloudy day a old building sits and gets worked on as customers come and go like normal in this culturered part of town . the christmas tree is bare and needs to be decorated . a town with red bricks buildings in a cloudy day . the outdoor seating next to this old building is not being used .
although many people love visiting the provincial capitol , i have always found it depressing , with the narrow street and the gloom . my hotel was lovely , but it only added to my depressed feeling to be there with all the happy people . this tree seemed sad , alone in the middle of a cement forest . the streets were often empty . everything seemed drained of life . i was eager to leave at the depot as soon as i could .
an empty , cobblestone street in a city on a dreary day . empty benches near a building under construction in a town square . bench sitting in front of evergreen tree and fence a rural road leads to a red brick building . picnic tables and green and white awnings in front of a building .
a large tree marked the city 's business district . many gathered around to enjoy the day 's festivities . the city dwellers woke up early to leave home and attend . the building is one of the oldest in town . after the event , everyone went home .
walking down the street in between two buildings . a large historical building stands majestically behind a small park with benches . a large tree grows outside of a building a small town with no activity in the streets a very big red building that stands in front of the benches .
the drama club set designers were trying to figure the best scenery design rehearsal is brutal . the director is always in our faces ! we love the choreographer . she is so talented and makes things seem easy . our male lead is taking some down time . running the lines and the scenes is so rewarding . i hope this show will be a hit !
men and women standing on a wooden floor in conversation a group of young men sitting in chairs and talking . a group of dancers perform a number in their practice room a man is reclining on the couch playing on his phone . two guys watching a girl fill in a paper .
it was almost time for the yoga class to begin . the guys sitting around waiting for the others to arrive . the yoga class has started and everyone is having fun . after yoga class [male] decides to lay down and rest . while the others are going over the yoga class results .
three men are standing on a wooden floor a group of men engaged in a heated discussion with one man gesturing toward another . a woman that is wearing red on the dance floor . he was just relaxing on the couch during his downtime . a woman writes on a desk white two men watch in the middle of a room .
when [male] and his friends were given the job of coming up with the props and designing sets for the play , they had a lot to decide . they discussed themes , cost , placement of props , and so much more . it was a chaotic environment to work in because the dancers were right next door practicing . fortunately , [male] 's friend found a quiet place where they could make calls from . [male] 's group decides to go with a french theme after finding a table at an antique store .
three men are dressed in jeans and shirts on a stage and looking at one another . a group of men are having a serious conversation . a dance class finds their groove on the floor . a man is laying down on a couch texting two men and a woman making an agreement in a house that is being remodeled .
the concert was going to be amazing . the first band was one of the best . but the second band was even better . we saw a dad sitting with his kid , it was beautiful . the last band was the best .
the people gathered at the concert early so they could get good seats the woman is standing at a keyboard with a microphone . two men playing guitars are next to a woman sitting at a keyboard . hey woman and young children sitting against the plain white wall a group of musicians that are playing their instruments .
today we went to the indie pop festival there were a lot of performers there they all sang great music and played guitars and other instruments all day we camped out and enjoyed the music from the lawn
the crowd gathered for a concert that would be performed by the artist in the tent . a woman plays the keyboard and sings at an event . the band is on stage playing a song from their set list . a homeless woman cares for her child in an alley . the drummers were practicing for the concert
the concert at the park was so much fun . we saw so many local bands . some of the bands were a little boring . we got so tired we had to sit on the floor . the bands kept playing throughout the night .
people sitting on the grass at a outdoor music festival . a woman with glasses that is playing the keyboard . a woman is playing piano as the man next to her plays guitar a woman sits on the ground while holding a baby a guitarist , drummer , and keyboardist perform onstage into microphones .
location town has many different things happening . funny balloons with cartoons on them . great black and white pictures . places to worship . and a exciting nightlife .
chinese lettering on a very colorfully decorated sign . a huge sale is underway at an outdoor market filled with clothing , bags , and scarves . several silk dresses hand in front of a shop . a group of balloons with [organization] [organization] in the front . a large collection of cartoon-like key-chains being sold .
location may be a mysterious , beautiful place , but it is also fun to shop there , and we do . you see signs everywhere in english which really helps us out a lot . [female] bought almost an entire rack of dresses and we all had to carry them . and i was kind of amazed to see sponge [male] in amongst the charter balloons . we even bought some cool chinese pepper ornaments for the tree back home .
green and yellow asian architecture behind a red traffic signal many different handbags on display on sale for 50 % off a clothes stand outside a store with a selection of japanese attire for women . a large group of cartoon balloons tied together . many items are on display hanging on pegs .
there are a lot of shops on this street . people sell good of all kinds to people visiting the city . you can even buy dresses . these balloons are popular with kids . the main street shops are a great way for the locals for make money .
a streetlight in front of a intricately design arch with asian-oriented writing . large assortment of wares and signage for shoppers to choose from . several pieces of clothing hanging on a rack several cartoon character helium balloons are tied together by their strings . trinkets hanging from the shelves in all different colors .
we went to a flea market last weekend that was really neat . this lady was the owner and she had a really pretty bird . she had a lot of horseshoes and other old stuff . she kept a lot of these cases in back with surprises inside of them for people who bought them . we bought a few of these paintings before going back home that day .
someone falling off the roof of uncle [male] 's flea market . an old school bus surrounded by junk and debris . a red bike leaning on a red table among other things . a lamp bears the shape of a strange and creepy-looking dwarf . a woman looks warily at the african grey parrot perched on her shoulder .
uncle [male] 's flea market was a great place to visit today . the vintage buses were cool to see.every where one looks is a treasure to behold . bikes , tables , tires , n more can all be found at this store . the small gnome lamps were a favorite . the thing i left with was this parrot that talked . good memories at the flea market today .
a person on top of the building going to fall off . a pair of buses has a lot of junk outside of them . a red bike sits next to a table covered in bowls the lamp base is a small gnome dressed in yellow . a lady with curly hair looking at a gray bird perched on her shoulder .
today we finally went and checked out uncle ricks flea market . as expected there was tons of junk on top of junk . but thats not to say there wasnt some hidin gems in the rubble . aswell as some really weird unmentionables . my wife even got to hold a parrot on her shoulder . we will be returning .
a person that is ready to make a back flip . the yard is filled with all items that will be up for sale . a red bicycle leaning against a red picnic table with bowls with two black bowls on the table . a plastic dwarf with a yellow shirt and pink pants looks into a white cup . a girl with a bird on her shoulder
he admired the lion sculpture . he pushed his mother throughout their old neighborhood . she was glad to be outside . there 's the nursery home where she stays now . they glanced at the beautiful landscaping .
one adult male standing by black metal fencing at a park a man that is helping a person with a wheelchair . a man pushes an older woman in a wheelchair . a van is parked outside the center , next to an american flag . a man is pushing an eldely woman , with flowers lining the walkway behind them .
he waited patiently at the fountain for grandma . he was a good grandson by all accounts . each week he would go get his grandma and take her where ever she wanted to go . sometimes he picked her up at home in his old suv since grandma could n't walk very far anymore . other times he would push her in her wheel chair because he remembered all the walks she use to take him on when he was just a boy .
a man standing at a fence surrounding a fountain . an individual pushes another individual 's wheelchair down the sidewalk . image of a woman in a wheel chair with a cain and a man pushing her . a brown and white van parked in front of a building . a woman in a wheelchair is pushed by a man , they both look out at a garden .
we started our walk near the fountain i pushed grandma up the street from there to get her some fresh air . she really enjoyed it and the sun was n't to bad . we went by the same old buildings i grew up around . then passed the roses and back to the house .
a man leaning on a black gate staring at a lion sculpture . a man is pushing someone down the sidewalk in a wheelchair . an old woman with a cane is being pushed in a wheelchair by a middle-aged man . a wood panel mini van is parked in front of a building the man is holding on to the wheelchair that the lady is sitting in .
[male] poses for a picture with his son [male] on his birthday . [male] and his family go for a family walk in the neighborhood [female] taking a picture with davids daughter dawn . [male] 's 30th birthday cake . [male] celebrating the first 30 years of his life with his family !
a thirtieth birthday cake with white frosting is displayed . a man stands behind a birthday cake filled with lit candles while someone hands a woman another lit candle the man in glasses is looking at the birthday cake the man is blowing out candles on the cake . a group of six adults and kids strolling down the sidewalk .
here is the cake for his 30th birthday party . the candles are lit . time to finish lighting the candles . he is blowing out the candles . time to go outside and play with the kids .
a birthday cake with candy and candles on it people in the kitchen with a birthday cake and the candles are lit people look on at a birthday cake with candles . a man is blowing out birthday candles on a cake in a kitchen . an image of a boy riding on a tricicle
the man is celebrating is 30th birthday today . his wife lights all the candles on his cake . his friends and family sing happy birthday to him . he blew out his candles . afterwards they all go outside to spend time together .
the birthday cake has candles and the number thirty . three people prepare a birthday cake with several candles . a couple of people are standing around a birthday cake a man with glasses that is blowing candles . a small child rides a tricycle behind a child on a bicycle and adults .
the family planned for weeks to go to the amusement park . the first thing they did together was go on each ride . with all of the roller coasters in the park , this was going to take up most of their time . their last ride was going to be on the monstrous hill climber roller coaster . after riding one of the tallest coasters on the east coast , the family completed their plan to ride every coaster in the park .
a fountain has a statue of a man in the center the men are captured as they enjoy the thrill of the roller coaster . two men locked into a ride at an themed park a red rollercoaster that is large and steep in height a group of people on a wooden rollercoaster
in the front of the park , there was this pleasant statue . we rode a rollercoaster after seeing the statue . my coworkers were having so much fine . i took a picture of this insane coaster incline . the last coaster we rode on was the most thrilling .
a statue of a man standing on a water sprinkler system . people are having fun at an amusement park on a roller coaster . two men strapped into a roller coaster ride . a tall portion of a roller coaster is up in the sky people riding a roller coasters throw their arms up .
the amusement park was packed today , we couldnt wait to get on some rides . the park had some pretty nice views , that water looked pretty dirty though . we couldnt wait to ride this bad boy , it was huge ! the turns were intense , hard to keep your hand up . after the ride we were relieved it was over but couldnt wait to get on another !
a statue stands in the middle of a fountain . selfie of men riding a roller coaster , one man with arms in the air . people are seated in a car with black ropes on the ride is curved high into the sky . several people ride an old wooden roller coaster .
i always ride the brain buster roller coaster on my birthday . a broken transmission is n't going to stop me . the only other transportation available at my home is designed for a 2-year-old . nothing was going to stop me , so i walked the train tracks . it took forever but i finally made it to the amusement park . that 's me , in the second car , turning green and about to lose my lunch . i ca n't imagine a better way to spend my birthday .
a section of railway in front of a river banked with trees . the old train tracks also contained an ancient sign that told when it was time to stop and go . a roller coaster rounds a turn in the blue sky . colorful buildings along the side of the road with palm trees between them a flag flying on top of a building by a palm tree .
we live withing walking distance of a theme park . there are railroad tracks by the path we take to get to the park . across the river from the path you an see the roller coasters . it takes about 30 minutes to walk from our house to the theme park . when you get to the theme park entrance you see the flag waving .
a train track is located next to water . a red sign near some rusty old train tracks . a white roller coaster track with carts on top the street scene shows a touristy area with palm trees . a red and white flag waves proudly atop a red and blue roof .
the blue car looked nice near the bicycles . the train tracks were also nice near the flag building that held a rollercoaster .
a picture of train tracks on a bridge over a river . a red sign affixed to a stand next to railroad tracks . a small roller coaster is at the top of the rails . a dome shaped building in is construction in a beachside city . a street view of a flag hanging on top of a roof .
we went to see the band play downtown . we were able to get close to the stage . we did n't expect to see this bird handler . i really enjoyed seeing the owl so close . we also got to see someone making flower headbands . these were all done in an hour ... amazing .
the little boy in the orange outfit is on top of someone 's shoulders a band is on stage playing for the crowd . a man with blonde long hair is standing in front of the people performing with his eagle on his left hand the owl is perched in front of the different colored posts . the flower crowns are all ready for the little girls to wear .
under the pavilion , a band performed . the sounds of acoustic guitars filled the air . a man used several trained birds to put on a show . the owl was clearly very well trained . a handmade flower crown would make a lovely keepsake .
crowd of people outside for a small concert a group of musicians that are playing music . a man at a festival with a bird on display the owl is sitting on a perch outside . very colorful flowers flowing along the shape of a hoop .
there was a large crowd gathered to enjoy the medieval fair . they enjoyed listening to a band playing period music . a man demonstrated how to hunt with a falcon . but the owl was not impressed . garlands were for sale , providing a beautiful way to remember the day .
a band playing music for a group of people . a band plays on an outdoor stage dressed in renaissance clothing . a man that has an owl perched on his hand . the owl is sitting on a green post . different ornamental wreaths with dangling ribbons below them
i wondered when i would get some of that cake i saw . that did n't taste like cake . now that is good cake and i really liked the icing . more cake please and be quick about it . i would ask for my milk but i ca n't move right now .
three women sitting in a living room together . one baby is laying on the ground and one is sitting with toys around them . a woman posing with her daughter who is eating cake . two women and one man are sitting together on a couch . family posing for a picture in the confine of a home
the family gathers at the house for conversation . the two infants are in the mood to play on the floor . mother joins her young son for a photo op . laughter is shared again over on the couch . the ladies take a moment to pose with their young friend .
three people are sitting in a room and are smiling . two children smile for the camera amid their toys . a woman in glasses next to her daughter . one man and two women sitting on a sofa . happy family making memory posing for a picture .
it was time for a play date with me and my best friends little ones . the both seemed like they were having fun . i got to pose here with my baby . this was nice , a chance to do something different . the date was over time to go home .
three women sitting in living room together talking and relaxing two babies are playing on the floor and one has on a 1st birthday tee shirt . a woman takes a picture with a baby who is eating a messy piece of cake . three people are sitting on a couch smiling a family with 3 adult females with one of them holding a baby boy .
we get kinda loud when we 're practicing . so we jam in our cabin out in the woods . we have a portable generator and an uninterruptible power supply to run the instruments and sound board . a fireplace keeps up warm . see you this weekend at the club ! until then we 're gon na jam at our little cabin in the woods .
young woman sitting in a living room chair while playing guitar and singing into a microphone . a drum set is on the floor next to her . a woman is playing guitar and singing on a small stage . a owman is looking into a microscope on a stage a male musician playing a guitar with a microphone in front of him . the man has on a red jacket and is holding a guitar .
tuning up for a little jam session tonight . the lead singer plays the guitar , she has a great voice too . this is an electric guitar that will go well with the sound of an acoustic guitar . when you are in the music you forget about everything around you . this was a cool way to play some music and see what people think about it .
a woman that is playing the guitar on the chair . lady playing guitar and singing on a makeshift stage as people are gathered by the door . a woman is sitting in a chair and is playing a guitar.by a mike . a male is playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone positioned close to the guitar . man in a red hoodie playing electric guitar facing away from the microphone ?
i went to see a terrible singer last night . she was so bad everybody left . she continued to play the empty hall . the displeased crowd went outside and torched her car . she went outside to see what was going on and somebody stole her guitar .
a female sitting down playing a guitar with a microphone in front of her . a woman performs on her guitar as people mingle in the crowd . a woman sings and plays acoustic guitar in a small venue . a young man playing a guitar with a mic next to it . a young man , playing guitar , stands with his back against the microphone , basking in the red glow of the lights .
the batter prepared to swing . the pitcher wound up and threw the ball hard . the player hit the ball and began running as fast as he could . he made it to first base .
a group of men are playing baseball on a baseball field . the man up to bat is trying to hit the ball a baseball player hitting a baseball at a game . a baseball diamond filled with a crowd outside . first base man holding runner in check during game
batter up . strike one . he hits it hard . the shortstop made a great play . the batter only made it to first base .
a umpire , catcher , batter and pitcher on a baseball diamond . during a baseball game a pitcher has thrown a pitch and the batter is swinging . an umpire crouches low watching the play as a batter has just swung the bat . the crowd watches the baseball game on a sunny day . two men on separate baseball teams on a baseball diamond
we went to see a major league baseball game but i have no idea what teams are playing it looks like the pitcher is throwing lots of strikes the pitcher is throwing them so fast that the batters are not getting any hits the crowd is going wild and is waiting for some action . finally a man on first base now the game is getting interesting .
the pitcher is waiting for the batter so he can throw the ball the pitcher in the red shirt is throwing the ball at the batter in the blue helmet . a baseball player swinging in front of a catcher and umpire . a crowd of people sit in a baseball stadium and watch the game . a runner is at first base while the baseman stands guard .
this is an overshot we took while on the plane . when we arrived , we confronted our place to stay in for the night . the homes next door has many colors . after sightseeing , we decided to drink a couple of beers . finally , we relaxed on a hammock with our friendly pet .
green islands surrounded by the clear blue water . couple gazes into the sun setting on the beach man with gray hair pulled pack into a pony tail smiling outside of condos . a beachfront house with unusual signs and paintings . three tables in a cafe with white chairs , one with two beer bottles .
[female] and her boyfriend went to a tropical island for their vacation . the trees had big red fruit on them , some houses had signs out front . the homes were painted in bright cheery colors and very tidy . after their fun bike tour [female] and her boyfriend had a great lunch in an beachside cafe . then they had a hammock siesta with a friendly cat . island living is the best .
two islands can be seen from high in the air surrounded by beautiful blue water . they are watching the sunset over the land . a smiling man wearing a backpack , standing in front of a row of beach side condominiums . [organization] with sign that says [location] and also sign of religious fanatic sayings . two beer bottles sit on a table in a well lit restaurant .
the couple is going to a beautiful , exotic island . they are enjoying the sunset on the island together . he is very excited to enjoy the sunshine on their vacation ! the bungalow they are staying at is charming and sweet . they are celebrating their vacation with some alcohol with lunch !
an image is not available for me to describe this hit two people are both enjoying the sunset together a man with a grey beard poses in front of a red house with a white picket fence . a two story building with biblical signs in front of it . two brown glasses on the top of a table
we were very excited for our trip to the old ruins . we stopped and looked at the old fire places they had designed many years ago . we also visited the gardens which had been renovated recently . the architecture was absolutely stunning given the age of the ruins . we had a great time visiting the ruins . we left amazed by the ingenuity of the humans that came before us .
a woman is standing with her arms crossed in front of a stone wall the ruins of the brick fireplace are surrounded by ashes . an empty water fountain with no water in it a stone formation sits between stone walls and posts . old stone structure positioned outside with the sun shining .
abandoned places are sometimes the prettiest . the structures may be rusted , but their patterns still remain . they may not be as pretty as they once were , but there 's a subtle , different kind of beauty to empty places
a woman standing beside a rock formation , posing . ruins of a stone and brick foundation with an arch in the wall . the design of this place is a reminder of heaven . very old stone and brick shapes are pictured close up . the ancient monument features several different sizes of columns .
we checked out some old ruins while on vaction . everything was made of stone . making things out of stone sounds bland but much of it was actually very pretty . they made very detailed mosaics . i ca n't imagine shaping every little stone .
a woman poses for a photo in front of some natural rock . a small tunnel inside of a brick structure brickwork and stone create a fountain and garden outside . the ruins of an old building built of stone are partially intact . pillars of of brown bricks surrounded by old stone walls . a old stone arched bridge is in the background .
there was a rowing competition , that [female] was excited to participate in . she faced fierce competitors despite training all year . however , the boat in the lead had a mishap . which allowed [female] to row into victory .
people rowing long boats in the water on a sunny day a women with a home made paddle in a canoe on the water . two men appear very tired and are paddling through a lake . a man is surfacing from a large body of water lady in a yellow canoe wearing a life jacket and holding an oar .
the lake was calm . she paddled quickly to win . the guys worked together to get to the finish line . he fell overboard . she almost gave up .
four people in two canoes are paddling through the lake . person rowing a tiny yellow rowboat with a black oar two men paddling a kayak while two more follow in another kayak . man swimming back to his kayak after taking a spill out of it . a woman is in a yellow canoe on the river .
the ottawa dragon boat festival is a yearly event that attracts 5,500 paddlers and over 70,000 spectators in location , location , location . since its inception in 1993 , thousands of participants have gathered at location location location location on location location in location to race . admission to the festival is free to spectators . the competition is fierce . many accompanying family and friends also make the trip to show their support and honour survivors . the dragon race challenge is actually a charity and has till date raised over $ 3 million . a snapshot capturing the rivalry of different teams .
two groups of people in two separate kayaks . a woman rowing in the lake in a yellow kayak . groups of two man canoes are racing across the lake . a man swimming with his arm reaching out to a kayak . the lady is riding in canoe number four in the water .
the family is in a bike race today . [female] just gets to ride along . so does [female] , in the back relaxing . there is also a parade going on . [male] wants to walk , not ride in the boat .
a man and two boys on bikes are in front of a parade . a little girl is on a bike seat being ridden by someone while many others are on their bikes . a child lays in her stroller content with her situation . two fairly dressed ladies sitting on a parade float . the child in the patriotic hat is standing by the crack in the street .
people gathering together to go bike riding . the kids are ready and exited to ride . a father and his kids are enjoying the beautiful day . some kids are riding a float made of a boat . a small parade is moving along down the street .
man and kids on bicycles on the road with people behind them . a girl in a stroller rides next to a boy on a bike in a parade . the little girl is sitting in the baby chair two small children dressed nicely and sitting in chairs a kid in a a red , white blue hat
today was the annual location location bikathon . we had [female] 's cart attached to my bike . [female] had her own overhead cover to protect from the heat . i saw some kids in a trolly resembling a boat . this kid had no bike . pretty sad sight .
a dad and two little boys in helmets with bikes a young girl with pigtails sits in a stroller surrounded by other children on bicycles . the young girl lays back smiling in the stroller . some children sitting in a mockup of a sailboat a child decked out in red , white , and blue at the parade .
so happy to be at the birthday party . waiting for the cake to be cut . enjoying running through the balloons on the ground . playing hide and seek in the hallway . ready to blow out the candles and have some cake .
the man and woman are holding each other and smiling . woman holding young smiling blue eyed child at indoor gathering . a child is playing in a room full of balloons a girl that is holding a cup next to her brother . three adults and one adolescent at a birthday party . two of the adults are blowing out birthday cake candles and the child is watching . the cake is large with chocolate frosting and white numbering .
my cousin came from across two states . she brought my little nephew with her . he is so cute and he is very adventurous . he plays with my niece and they explore my home . we were celebrating my brother 's birthday with a chocolate cake .
a couple standing in front of the door have their arms around each other . the woman is holding the young smiling child . two kids playing with a bunch of blue balloons . little boy is standing next to a door , while a older child is holding a blue cup . people blowing on the candles placed on the cake
proud parents posing before the party begins . birthday boy is so excited we let him open his gifts right away . he happily played with new toys while the grown ups visited . big sister kept an eye on her baby brother . the cake was ready but the kids kept playing . it was served later on .
a woman in green and a man in blue smile at the camera . a woman in green holds a child in yellow a toddler runs through a room filled with blue balloons as he plays . the big sister took the cup away from the little boy . two men and a younger boy gather around a cake ; an elderly woman is in the kitchen in the background
the best part was opening the birthday gifts . this birthday cake was amazing and colorful . he had so much fun trying to catch the balloons . grandpa and grandson look so amazing together . today is his birthday and he can finally devour that cake .
a little boy looking at his birthday presesnt a birthday cake with the number one on it in green icing . a young boy being held up to grab floating balloons . the old man is holding the baby boy on his birthday . a child enjoys a piece of birthday cake as his picture is taken .
it was [male] 's first birthday and he opened his presents . his cake was decorated with poke-a-dots . he wanted to touch the balloons , but they were too high . grandpa came to the party and held [male] . [male] then tried the cake . he loved it !
a woman watching a girl open a present that contains a toy . a birthday cake the number `` one '' written in frosting . a small child reaches up to touch colorful balloons on the ceiling . the young boy is sitting on the old man wearing glasses a boy celebrating his first birthday by eating cake in his high chair .
mom watches as he opens his birthday gifts . grandma takes a photo of him opening gifts . his first birthday cake came out great ! he reaches for the green balloons . his is amazed by the balloons .
a babies first birthday party , learning how to open things while wearing a bow on its head a big round cake has polka dots icing . green and orange balloons with strings floating to the ceiling . the old man is holding the baby in a blue shirt a small boy eats birthday cake and wears a party hat .
it was [male] 's birthday today . his girlfriend was thrilled to be there for him . his brother bought him two mugs , since he loves coffee so much . [male] 's mom was very serious about the present opening . [male] was just happy to be with all of his family .
a birthday cake that has been decorated for [male] . a woman seated next to a stack of gifts is smiling . a man standing and smiling with two coffee mugs . two women sit at a dining room table near some stairs . a man in gray sweater surrounding by giftbags , snacks , and other items .
the cake was certainly homemade . my wife was really happy there . i brought mugs to celebrate . we talked about life . with family , we had a great time .
the birthday cake is cream colored with dark letters . a woman sitting by the stairs with wrapped gifts nearby the man is holding two mugs in his hands . a family table meal with two women looking intently off frame . a young man opening presents at the table .
we celebrated [male] 's birthday . everyone was really happy . [male] was having a blast . we really love our family . they where all very helpful in making this party a success .
a small round cake is decorated with the words 'happy birthday [male] . ' a woman sits by the stairs surrounded by presents . a man smiling at the camera holding two coffee cups the lady in the striped shirt is getting ready to eat . man in gray sweater sitting at a table and opening presents .
i spend a lot of late nights studying at a coffee shop near campus . i get bored sometimes during the long study sessions . we play around at having fistfights to wake each other up . [male] always cracks me up when he 's there . he 's such a hilarious guy . he loves his coffee ! we need it , when the studying sessions last well past midnight .
they all gathered around with smiles on their faces . a woman stares apathetically at the camera with her head resting on her hand . a woman showing off their engagement ring on their hand . a younger man , sitting on a green couch smiling at the camera . a man is drinking a cup of coffee with his finger sticking out .
[female] decided to have some friends over to hang out for the night . her friend [male] was the first to arrive . once everyone else arrived they all started to enjoy some alcoholic beverages . they also played games on their laptops . at the end of the night they decided to go get something to eat before calling it a night .
doing homework the computer and trying to get stuff done . a woman with curly hair rests her hand on her cheek as she stares into the camera . the woman is showing her engagement ring on the camera a young man is relaxing on a green couch . a man drinking a small hot beverage with his pinky extended
what starts off as a lonely night of gaming . becomes a couple playing together . now , it 's a party ! this is some serious gaming here . time for a coffee run to keep this party going .
two people on laptops pose for a picture but a foot gets in the way of the shot . a woman that is looking directly at the camera and leaning her face against one hand . a girl showing a closed fist to the camera young man in an orange tee-shirt is sitting on a green couch . a man sipping a drink out of a coffee cup .
i had a great fourth of july celebration with everyone . it was the perfect time to chill and relax in the pool . and of course my brother got a bit too excited with the fireworks . my dad also had fun playing with sparklers too . i had a wonderful time seeing my friends and family this summer .
three people sitting in a small swimming pool in a yard a woman staring at the camera in front of a group of people sitting at a patio table . a group of people are playing by an inflatable pool . two women hold drinks and other things and lean against a railing . a man taking a photo with his point and shoot camera of a man who is stuffing his face in a watermelon
having fun at the barbecue . laying in the pool . time for the firework . playing with lights . family get together continuation .
the people are relaxing in the blow up pool on this hot day a woman looks up at the camera in a backyard party . two men are setting off fireworks on the water of a child 's inflatable pool . the women share a moment on the fence a person eats a watermelon while another tapes it .
we invited people over for a cook out . we did n't have much of a pool , but it was fun . they lit fireworks in the pool . we had some drinks , too . the guys were goofing off with watermelon .
the three adults are in a kid 's blow up pool enjoying the sun . a woman at a party is looking up at the camera . the man in the white shirt holding his hand over a inflatable pool . two women smiling and leaning on a fence at night . the man is eating a watermelon as his friend films it
it was very busy this year at the annual dog sled race . there were many competitors from all over the world at the event this year . there were hundreds of dogs in total . they were all happy to be out exercising . some were very determined to win this year .
a couple of people walking down the road for the race . a man dressed for cold weather wearing a race number in front of a toboggan . a bunch of dogs are running with their tongues out a black husky and a tan husky harnessed and pulling in the snow . a man with a mustache and blue eyes wearing a blue thick coat staring off to the side .
we arrived early to make sure everything was in proper order before we began . [male] moore was the pre race favorite as usual . our group of dogs were ready to go , and getting a little bored . [male] and [male] led the pack and did not let us down . rob was tired and so glad we won this year .
two dogsled racers dressed in parkas stand in preparation for an event . the man is focused on the race and how he will handle it . sleds dogs pulling a sled through the snow with a rider on the sled . 2 lead dogs of a sled dog team in the snow a man in a blue coat with a large mustache
i went to watch a dog sled race . my friend entered his dogs and sled . his dog love to race and pull the sled . the other dog teams were not as fast . their owners we not happy to lose to my friends team .
the racers are getting their sleds together for the race . he had on his extra furry jacket that day . dogs stand in the snow with their tongues hanging out two dogs with harnesses on trudge through snow-covered landscape . a man with blue eyes and a mustache with a serious expression on his face
everyone was very excited to tour the art gallery . the room was very crowded so we had a hard time seeing some of the pieces . the best room was filled with brightly colored artwork , everyone loved it . we even had the pleasure of meeting one of the lead artists . we had a great time at the art gallery that day .
a group of people in business attire are gathered in a large room . people are lined up in front of an exhibit . a yard with colorful strings of light . a pair of women at a large convention type of event a man and a woman dressed formally in a large room .
[male] and [female] went to a design gallery where the new designers showcased their latest piece of work . they saw odd looking pieces that they were n't sure what to do with . they saw beautifully crafted chandeliers that looked like the ocean . they also saw paintings that looked like rugs . they even saw old fashioned armchairs that were redecorated .
a group of business woman talking with a man . a group of people that are standing in a room . the display features many colorful lights at nighttime . the two ladies look happy and smile to the camera . a woman and a man formally dressed holding a card
all the colleagues gather at their annual meeting . new products are on display so the sales representatives can become familiar . the place chosen for their annual meeting was beautiful and very expensive . [female] and [female] , two of our best sales representatives get their picture taken . [male] [male] , the sales representative supervisor welcomes a new member of the team .
people at an indoor conference in business attire . a large group of people examine an art exhibit a brightly colored room , that can be used for parties . two women standing inside of a warehouse holding books two well-dressed people pose for a photograph as the male worker checks the woman 's identification .
we decided to throw a fiesta . family and friends came out to enjoy the festivities . it was a lot of booze involve . the friends are holding their beers up . the fiesta was so fun that my friend was stuck at out house because he was drunk . a party to remember .
a man touching another mans head with a women looking . a bunch of men sitting in a circle drinking bottled beverages . the guys sit a the table and drink beer . a white man wearing a fake moustache and a sombrero sits behind a table full of beer bottles . men drinking bears and wearing mexican hats and wearing fake mustaches
looked like we had one that was going down for the count . the rest of the party kept chugging along . people swapped stories about the `` good ole days '' . and we laughed and the horrible mustache he has on his face . and of course he would run with the funny stories we made about him .
a man holds the forehead of his friend . a group of people are wearing hats drinking beverages . two young men drinking alcoholic beverages together at a table . man sitting at a table with a mexican hat sitting on his head . several men in large mexican party hats pose for picture .
the party was in full force . people were sitting around having fun . they were all drinking and talking . everyone was laughing and having a good time . a successful party was had for all .
a man is putting his hand over another mans face while a woman watches . a few people are sitting with hats on . two men drinking lots of beer and one is wearing a mexican hat . a man is wearing a hat with lots of alcoholic drinks in front of him . a group of men , wearing hats , drink beer .
it 's nighttime in the city . the lake in the park reflects the streetlights . it 's so late out , that no one is around . it 's quiet and peaceful . i walk by the monument and there are no tourists around . the moon is shining brightly up in the sky . everyone is at home and it 's peaceful in the city .
a black and white scene of a pool that is centered in an urban surrounding . a dark statue of [male] hamilton is erected in front of the white facade of the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] at night . a large building with pillars at night with street lights being lit . an alley way with arches and hanging lights shown at night . a statue that has been sculpted by an artist .
capital city seemed almost haunting at night . the white buildings were illuminated by lights in the lawn . the streets had a vintage quality to them . tunnels were enchanting and mysterious . some of the statues in town were very creepy and gave off a dark vibe .
two people ice skating on an outdoor skating ring at night . lone statue outside official government facility at night . a long stone building with several tall columns . a dark street with a tunnel type feel with beautiful lights a glow . a metal sculpture of a man and many animals .
we visited the big city during the night . there were many older looking buildings that were lit up well . one of the bigger buildings even had a statue attached to the front step area . this court house had a bug clock on the top that looked really scary . this was a very tall building that had lights up the side of it .
they were the only people at the skating rink that night a statue is on the steps of the treasury building . a car driving at night near a building with stone columns . a dark street a night with the only light coming from street lamps . a creepy statue of a troll or frog king is displayed in the shadows .
there was an earthquake in a small town in location . surveyors were sent out to check for damage , which at first looked to be some twisted waterlines . then they traveled down the road and discovered this crack . it kept going for some distance and seemed to follow a fault line . when they came around a turn they saw it went much further down the road , which qiuckly had to be closed for repair .
a deserted road is in bad repair surrounded by trees . a grassy hill is dotted with fallen tree limbs . a large crack in the middle of a road exposes rocks and sediment underneath . a large pothole needs repair in the middle of this street . the unused road is cracked and has weed growing in it
sometimes nature fights back , and takes back over roads and cities . it can cause dangerous cracks in the road that no one wants to drive on . so the city office has to send workers out to fix the issue and to put nature back in its place ... until nature strikes back once more .
a poorly maintained road being over taken by nature stretches into the distance . a hillside has many tree limbs on the ground as is surrounded by shrub . a large crack in the road looks concerning . large crack in concrete with debris in between them . road with large crack in it surrounded by trees .
on our way to the location , we had to turn around . the road seemed to have a lot of damage . here is one of the cracks close up . here is another picture a crack . and here is the scary yet amazing picture of what the earth can do .
an empty road surrounded by bushes and trees . an area of land with some greenery and lots of drift wood laying around sink hole beginning to develop creating crack in road the pavement is severely cracked and there is writing in chalk next to it . a road with a very large crack down the center and green trees on the side
[male] takes his cat time seriously and decided [female] needed some petting . [female] later opted to take a nap while the party raged . [female] in full party mode attempted to have a conversation with the lamp shade . [female] continued the trend but seemed to disagree with everything the lamp said . all in all everybody had a great end of semester party hanging out and toasting the end of the school year .
a woman opens a christmas present from under the tree . a person leaning over a lamp shade with unicorns . a woman holding a unicorn lamp and yawning . two asian people bent over a rectangular shaped red and white cake two women and one man with one woman hugging the man and the woman
hi , i 'm [female] . i had a christmas party . here i am opening a gift my friends got me . i am so happy . it 's a lamp with unicorns on it . i love unicorns ! [female] put it together , i was too excited . [female] thinks the lamp is awesome . me too . i got a yummy cake to share with my friends . looks like [male] wants a slice . [female] and [male] are my best friends . they made my party really rock . i 'm lucky to have such great buddies .
a person looking in a paper bag sitting in front of a christmas tree person sitting in chair holding lamp shade with unicorn design an oversized woman makes funny aces at the unicorn lamp she is holding two men blowing out candles on a birthday cake . her best friends were also foreign exchange students
they opened gifts for christmas . she got a lampshade . her friend took a silly picture with the shade . they blew out the candles on a cake . they took a picture together during the party .
young adult with gifts sits next to small festive holiday tree . the person is fixing the lamp and paying close attention . a woman makes a funny face while holding a lamp two people in celebration blow the candles off of a cake . three friends embrace casually during a gathering while having a drink .
today was the first day of our trip to location ! we were able to get up close to the local wildlife . they have really interesting birds in location . afterwords we did a little sight seeing . we ended the day with a ride on the organization organization .
a river running along banks lined with thick foliage . a cream bird on the ground with a very long beak a goose sits on the grass in the late afternoon . the castle was taller than all the buildings in the land the ferris wheel is basking in the sunlight .
took a ride down the river over the weekend . while we were out we saw a bird sitting on a bank . once we got closer we realized there were two birds . one was pink and was just sitting in the sand . we thought it might be hurt . the other bird was more white and would not let us even get close to see if the other was injured or not .
a river as is shown during a cloudy day , surrounded by trees . this bird has a very long beak and white feathers . a duck sitting on the grass surrounded by leaves . a large building with an old cathedral style . a large ferris wheel next to buildings and a body of water .
this river is home to many wildlife . this stork lives at the river . her entire family lives at the river . they all live outside . this stork loves her way of life outside .
a river is surrounded by lovely trees . bird getting positioned and ready for it 's nap . a bird sits on a grassy field in the fall a large building with a flag raised at the top the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] and the [male] thames .
we recently traveled to an abandoned carnival . the bumper cars , long abandoned , have collected dust over time . this giraffe speaks of an era long past . batman is as popular today as he was long ago , although he has had a face lift . one can only imagine the screaming , giggling patrons of this abandoned carnival ride .
some sort of asian or nordic inspired building or temple . three old abandoned bumper cars sit covered with dust . an old rocking horse sits in a trashed building . [male] statues , mainly batman , on an abandoned carousel the carnival ride is going around in front of the trees .
have you ever wondered what happens to a local amusement park when it gets shut down . most of the time the rides are just left where they are to gather dust . the carousel horses are taken down and stored . they remove the statues in parts and put them undercover . the ferris wheel stands vigilance over the lonely park remembering its bygone days of providing fun and laughter for the crowd .
a picture of a building with a red roof abandoned bumper car ride from an amusement park . a long necked statue of a horse with its legs splayed out . such amazing art was on display and we loved every minute of our visit . a collection of structures that make a [organization] [organization] .
the entrance to the old amusement park . the rides just looked aban doned . like no one cares . perhaps someone can come along and bring this back to life . you wonder how many kids had fun here over the years . i wish i could ride the ferris wheel . perhaps there is a switch somewhere ?
chinese temple with red roof and ornate trim work along the edge of the roof the bumper cars are no good , they are broke . a worn giraffe statue is sitting in a cluttered room . image of the character , batman made of clay looking up into the trees at some type of carousel wheel .
my friend and i rented a boat for the weekend . we looked out on the lake and saw how beautiful and calm it was as we went out . my friend wanted to get a good photo of himself on the dock before it got dark . the sunset made for beautiful oranges and it was a lovely day . as the sun sunk lower in the sky , i reflected on how much fun it was being with my friend that day .
a man sits on his boat in a harbor . a body of water with the sun casting down on the waves . [male] watches the water from the doc in the sun a view of the ocean and the sunset behind clouds . the sun setting on the red horizon at dusk .
we enjoyed a summer vacation where we traveled to a spanish island . on the island , we rode bikes to sight see . we came across this fisherman who was getting ready to embark . the beautiful , local beaches stretched for miles . our favorite part of the trip was watching the sun set on the water every evening .
a solitary fisherman prepares to set sail in pursuit of the big one that got away . a body of water that is glimmering from the sun . a man with a jacket on looking out into the blue water . the sun sets in the orange horizon over a lake . a picture of the sun setting over the ocean
the evening in the waters just beginning to sail outward . when the water is still it 's more relaxing . just sitting on the dock and imagining how great it is . when the sun has set all the way just beyond the horizons it ; s like a bold bright light . a picture perfect as if you can walk on waters .
a man in a boat pulled along side a dock . a piller next to a large blue body of water a guy sitting on the dock fishing in the ocean . the sun sitting or raising over water on a partially cloudy day . the sunset is seen cascading over the water through the window .
the city always comes alive when its night time . everything that you see at night takes on a whole new look i often look around and wonder where are people going in the am what are they preparing for i notice detail in store fronts and wonder when was the building first built what was the city like back then so beautiful and so regal its almost breathtaking
a night city scene with many boats . the lampposts shine light upon the walkway at night . a large boat lit up and tied to a dock with several umbrellas on it . a picture of the `` restaurant & beer cafe '' storefront at night . shiny features and modern architecture are evident in this space .
i decided to spend a night out on the town with me and my camera . i went around to all of the grandiose buildings and photographed their artistry . eventually , i stumbled upon some boats and shot them too . deciding to take a break , i had some drinks in a bar . then i went to a late night museum to get more inspiration for my photos .
a city waterfront is photographed at night with skyscrapers in the background . the museum had an interesting design with many stars and arches . the yacht is tied to the restaurant 's dock . the front of the restaurant looks like a quaint european pub . a look at inside of the building of lights .
it was my first trip to location location location ! the architecture on some of the buildings was astounding . we saw this huge boat at the river . it 's the biggest i 've ever seen ! we stopped at this local cafe for lunch . even the cafe had some incredible architecture !
the city was lit up by the lights in the tall building . a museum is closed at night as one person walks by on sidewalk . a green and white boat anchored at a pier at night an upscale bar and restaurant in europe at night . the ornate building is well lit but vacant of people .
the car collector held a display of classic emergency vehicles . an ambulance from the 1960s was featured prominently . the logo paint was well-maintained . the design of the logos were simple and clean . the oldest vehicle there was built in the late 1940 's .
this is an old black and white ambulance a white ambulance with tinted windows and red stripes . a close-up view of an ambulance logo . the sign on a vehicle reads , `` ambulance service [female] . '' the antique station wagon is on display in a museum .
i went to the musuem to see all the old ambulances they have on display . you can really see how much emergency vehicles have changed . even the logos and symbols have changed dramatically . this is a very early example that i quite enjoyed for it 's simplicity . here was the oldest , and my most favorite , vehicle in the exhibit .
an old ambulance sits in front of several other old cars . an ambulance parked in a garaged area that is white in color a sign for the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] . close up of a red white and black ambulance logo . an old style car is parked beside a more modern one
the local auto museum put on a show about ambulances . they had some of the modes open to see inside . there were models that did n't look like ambulances at first glance . it was interesting to see the past ambulance logos . some logos were very simplistic .
an old-fashioned ambulance car parked in a garage . an ambulance is parked in a parking center the sign indicates that the vehicle is used by an ambulance service the [organization] [organization] [organization] logo is painted on the side of the vehicle . a vintage bus or van with green paint and white wheel wells .
the couples posed for a picture in the crowd many of the couples gathered to celebrate achievements in the community they all gathered inside to socialize many pictures were taken between friends and also solo pictures were taken
getting ready for people to come over and see what is going on . the two friends shook hands as they greeted one another . a man and woman , both wearing name tags , stand in front of a gathering of people . they became good friends during the short time they spent together a group of people pose with a budweiser banner and some signs
the community is gathering for a festival . many people come together to make it work . this couple is enjoying the day . these volunteers pose happily for a picture . every gets together to thank budweiser for making the festival a sucess .
the three people are behind the red table . people with spectacles smiling and posing for a picture a couple poses and smiles while enjoying an outdoor festival . the two woman are happy and hugging for the camera . people holding a bud banner in red while dressed in business casual .
the volunteers were happy to have a booth where they could give out information on a product they love . the two men shake hands after being reunited years after they went to college together . this couple is happy to help out in this outdoors service event . the two girls are sitting at a booth where they tell people where to go . the group is happy that for their volunteer work , they won a budweiser award .
two men , one wearing red , the other blue and white , are sitting behind a red cloth covered table . two men standing together shaking hands and smiling . two people posing for a picture with a bottle of water the ladies pose for a picture at a gathering . group of men and women proudly displaying banner and signs of companies .
i went for road trip to the local beach town nearby . this is my brother standing near the lighthouse . this is my brother and his son at the beach . my nephew had a great time as he learned to ride a body board . by the end of the day he was learning to ride like a pro .
a panoramic view shows the buildings and vegetation along the coast of an ocean . a man and boy in bathing suits on a beach . a boy holding up his hand with a blue surf board at the beach . a young boy laying on a boogie board , paddling in the water . the sun is setting behind a body of water and the beach .
the village seemed far from where we were now . [male] and dad were excited to finally get to the ocean . [male] was learning how to surf . he made his way out to the water . it was great to watch the sunset behind the sea .
sun peeks through the clouds as a city sits on the edge of the ocean . a man holding ayoung boy posing for apicture young boy with board stand on beach expressing joy . a little boy lies on his stomach on a surfboard in the murky ocean waters . choppy water stretches to the setting sun on the horizon .
a man and a boy visited a sea-side town . the man and his son had already made it to the beach by around noon . the boy was very eager to give body boarding a try . the boy stayed on the body board ( in part because the waves were very small ) . the man and his son stayed at the beach until sunset .
three photos are combined to show a seaside community . a man in brown and tan swim shorts with a child wearing orange and white swim shorts on the beach . a little boy being enthusiastic with his body board . a little kid that is sitting on top of the board . the sun setting over the land from a boat on the lake .
i had a great time at the lodge last week . there was a small town nearby . they had a museum but it was only one room . it was very quiet out there . some of the architecture was beautiful .
a street with three lanes and tree lined with cars in the distance and mountains in back . a car sits on a road in front of an old brick museum . a small cottage is surrounded by a lot of trees and land . a red bridge over a small rocky creek . two rafts filled with people flowing down a river .
we traveled more than a 100 miles from our hotel to reach the destination . during our trip , we stopped by the museum and also bought some souvenirs . we saw some abandoned houses , left on the historic site . there was a small bridge over a creek , near the museum . we also took a boat ride , in the lake , during the afternoon .
a paved two lane road passes through dense trees . a store strip featuring a museum and another shop . farm house with outbuilding , and surrounded by trees . a curved asian style bridge over a brook surrounded by trees . a river with people in a blue canoe
the charming little southern town is very old , the general store is original . it is a quiet little town with only one long road . there is only one museum in town to tell the history and culture . many of the families live along side the main road on little farms . one of the most beautiful sites of the town is a bridge over looking a little river .
traffic is light on a tree lined road which is overshadowed by mountains . a small museum on a small city street a small building sitting in the background on a small grassy hill the red bridge helps you get from one side to the other of the park . top view of a raft full of people traversing a river .
the pub was just purchased and some changes were occurrin . need craft beers and wines were now available . a whole new food menu was alson happening . a brand new atmosphere for comic nerds . this is the new motto for the new place .
two people who wear glasses smile for a picture . many wrapped presents are under a decorated christmas tree . the white candlesticks are lit and the wax is melting down them . a bundle of brussle sprouts looking green and yummy the lady in the kitchen preparing food while the others read a book and looked up
my partner and i took a picture before we celebrated . we decorated the tree and brought presents . he set up candles so the atmosphere would be peaceful . i bought some vegetables to cook for dinner . my parents came over to watch a movie with us .
they met online and this their first face to face a christmas tree with gifts piled beneath it . four white candles glow against a darkening stained glass window . a green , vegetable looking substance that appears to be brussel sprouts . a old man and a woman , man is reading a book
the newlyweds were excited to host their first christmas dinner ! the decorations were beautiful . they lit candles on the dining room table to make it feel cozy . the food was carefully prepraed . it was a beautiful night for all of the family !
a couple wearing similar glasses is smiling at the camera . a christmas tree sits hidden in a stack of christmas gifts . four orange candles glow on the table at night . a package of light green vegetables thawing out . the couple look like they are just enjoying themselves .
the walk in the forest was something i definitely look forward to during this camping trip . despite a beautiful sight , everyone managed to get lost since it was dark outside . thankfully it was turning into day time . we approached the top of the hill to get a better view . and were able to see the area with all of the cabins .
the darkness of night settles in across the land . a couple of trees that are on the mountain . the shadow of trees show in the night sky . trees stand in an open field at night . very dark sky with a small glimpse of a field .
i love photographing sunrise . waiting for the sun to break is incredible . as light comes across the view sight . i think of how precious life is . it starts to get brighter . the day begins . a new day of hope and happiness .
night time looking over a hill with a tree on top a photograph in blue and black of a forest trees surrounded by the dark of the night a black and blue photo that was taken in the woods the sky is so dark except for the blue on the skyline .
the wilderness is really quite when you go camping . we watched the sun go down . the light faded over the hill . the trees were just shadows on the horizon . the light was almost gone when we decided to go to bed .
a hillside with a tree at the top at night time . a dark night sky with the outlines of trees the darkening sky at dusk with trees in front trees on the hill are seen against the dark sky . the sun has gone down and there are a few silhouettes of trees in the distance .
it was little billys first birthday . we gave him his cake and he loved it . once he started eating it there were so many photo ops . he ate it all . we were impressed he was n't too happy to have to wash up after though
the toddler in the high chair is waiting for her food . [male] sitting in a high chair covered in food . [male] sitting in high chair eating chocolate cake with his hands . child in high chair covered in chocolate . an image of a man that is holding a baby
it is his first birthday . he tries the cake and is not sure about how he likes it . after much consideration , he decides he really likes it and wants more . his tummy is now full cake and he is content . he was even content enough to enjoy a bath to wash off all that cake .
the baby is sitting in his highchair with an empty tray . a baby sitting in his high chair with chocolate on his face a baby that is starting to grasp the idea of something being tasty . a toddler in a high chair wearing a bib is smeared with chocolate cake remnants , which are also all over the high chair tray . the baby is playing in the water in a kitchen sink
the baby is waiting for something to eat . the baby is looking at something intently . the baby has a lot of food on the tray . the baby is smiling after eating . the baby is getting cleaned up after eating .
patient toddler waits in his high chair for a meal the baby sat in his high chair with cake all over his face . a little baby is sitting in a highchair eating a chocolate dessert . little boy sitting in a high chair with chocolate all over his face a mother that is holding on to her baby .
everybody had showed up for the celebration dinner . it was a lot of fun and everybody was in a great mood . after dinner , a lot of people decided to dance . others decided to chat over more drinks . a few people checked out the foosball table .
a large group of people dines at a long , wooden table . college age men and women sitting around a wooden table drinking . a bunch of people doing the robot in a school setting . a group of friends are having beer . a group of people that are playing foosball with each other .
the whole family gathered at the table for the party . everyone was have a good time . everyone was having a great time dancing . they were all having a good conversation . they were each trying to win at the game .
group of people that are sitting on both sides of a skinny table five people are sitting at tables beside a pool drinking . young men and women are doing the same rock and roll dance . a group of friends sharing a drinks , conversation and playing a game of pool . people standing in the house playing a game
it was the last show of our play . we all went to celebrate . it was a lively affair . there was plenty of eating and drinking . most of us danced when the alcohol started to set in . here are our brave drivers . they where the best and did not have anything to inhibit their driving . they played foosball instead .
they pose for the good shot for remembrance of their reunion party . people are sitting at tables outside by a pool . two people in the picture are making hand gestures at the camera . the party got fun when they all started dancing people sit at a table drinking beverages and watch two people play billiards in the background . four people play foosball while others converse at a party .
i had a great time at the farm last year . we played a lot of games outside . there were a ton of people there . the house on the farm was well decorated . there were many cats there .
the cat is enjoying the time in the sun . a fat grey house-cat is laying down on the grass/ dinner table set for a meal on a porch at dusk a man that is blowing out candles on a cake . people have had a birthday party out on the patio .
the sky was fair with lots of clouds , when we played outside . my friend , [female] , getting ready to hit the ball . [female] 's brother [male] is playing this game for the first time . this is the view of our deck with all the planted flowers . my older cat , bubbles , looking for a bug in the grass .
a cat is underneath a chair set on the deck . cat laying in the grass and looking at something in the distance . the sun is setting over an outside gathering a man is careful to wear safety goggles while blowing out candles . a table outdoors in the evening with cake and a lit candle .
the cat relaxed for most of the day . the humans occasionally caught his eye . their get together lasted until the evening . there was food and games . the cake was the best part , but the cat did not want to consume any .
a cat is lying down under a bench . the calico cat sits whatching in the green grass . from the vantage point on the deck , the sunset streaks across the sky . elderly man blowing out candles on cake outside on patio . a candle in the center of a table with dessert plates around .
it was finally christmas morning ! little [male] could n't believe location had really came to his house ! he played with his new chair toy location brought him [male] played with his little brother [male] on christmas morning they were so happy and excited location brought them lots of toys !
a bunch of presents lay under a christmas tree . a baby sitting on the floor opens a christmas present . a young child sitting in an orange bucket . a little boy plays with a toy set . a baby is playing with toys on the floor .
yay christmas morning is finally here ! we watched out young boy open his presents . he got new trains ! oh , how he loves his trains ! his brother really seemed to enjoy his new chair also ! him and his brother played with their new toys all day together .
a small christmas tree and gifts are on a wood floor a young boy is trying to open a present . a toddler sits in their chair reading a book . an image of two little kids playing with toys children sitting on a floor playing with blocks .
it was christmas morning at the family home . the children opened their gifts . gift unwrapping eventually commenced . the children played with the building set they were gifted . the children cooperated with each other in their building endeavors .
pine tree with several presents underneath with kitchen pans hanging in the background child opens all of his gifts on christmas day the baby is sitting in the orange toy . two boys enthusiastically playing with new toys they received a small boy is playing with blocks on the floor
the son has a rake and is having a good time . grandma is waiting for the rest of the family . we all played the game and hoped for some change to fall . we hoped to win a prize at the arcade game . the fair was a lot of fun for the whole family .
a woman in short sleeves is riding a spinning swing . a small child is holding the handle of a large push broom . a young boy admires a huge grey and black horse . a sign reads i love smoke free ny ! a fair worker waits by his game booth that is filled with stuff animals .
the whole family went out today on this carnival . my son decided he wanted to sweep for the carnival . my other son was playing around with a horse . we saw a kid about to perform with his large guitar . we even decided to play at a booth to try and win a stuffed animal .
they enjoyed their ride in the electric swings . a toddler helps clean up hay with a push broom . a kid that is looking up to the gray horse . a child with a guitar waiting to go onto a stage decorated with flags . a man in a red shirt sitting on a counter in front of a fair game .
the festival needed to be helped with clean up . this guy was in charge of the stage . the games were fun and worth it . they played with the stuffed animals . to end the day they road the ferris wheel .
a low angle view of an amusement park ride . a cute photo of a toddler sweeping the path . the boy was mesmerized by the horse , they just started at each other . a young boy with a guitar waits to go on stage . a bored carnival worker sitting in front of his skill game booth .
we decided to attend the oxford festival . there were many street performances going on . there were some pretty talented people doing interesting things . there was great music , too ! the event drew a huge crowd and was a lot of fun .
at the oxford folk festival a parade of people trot down the road . woman in a costume holding a baton making a face . people in red , white , and blue clothing cavort along a sidewalk . the people in the picture are drssed in the occassion outfit a group of people dressed in old fashioned attire on a street .
the parade is coming down the street . here comes some interesting people and floats . this scary looking lady is playing for the crowd . next to show is the interesting boys in white . they have some interesting outfits are entertaining . now here comes there counterparts who are mostly in black and blue . the parade is coming to an end and the crowd is all coming together .
a man is wearing a costume around some people for a folk festival . women are wearing bright colors and standing outside several men in red , white and blue costumes dance in the street . group of dressed up people marching in the street in front of a crowd the people in this country have lavish parades
the oxford folk festival brought out lots of people to celebrate . amazing and hugely varied costumes were worn by celebrants . some groups had choreographed dances that they performed . and , a parade was joined by hundreds . at the end of the day , everyone agreed that the festival was a success .
a costumed character walks in front of a parade procession . the woman in costume has pink fuzzy horns on his head . a troupe of colorfully dressed dancers perform their routine . three made up people walking in a parade . a bunch of men in white and suspenders are looking around .
[female] went to the city yesterday . she went up onto a tall building and looked out . from there , she could look down on the city . she could even look across to other buildings . when night fell , she could see all the lights of the city for miles .
a large city divided by a body of water . a birds eye view of a city during the day . a baseball stadium with a full house during a game . bird 's eye view of an old government capitol building and reflection water feature in foreground with red brick buildings in background it 's nighttime and the city is all lit up .
we took a helicopter tour over the city today . we flew right over the lake . [male] 's favorite part was seeing the baseball game from high up . i liked seeing the fountains . the nightlife we saw at the end of our tour was the best .
the view above the city is amazing and incredible . image of a city scenery surrounded by a large body of water and bridges . an aerial view of a live baseball game a large church sits next to a large pool of water . a view from above of a city at night .
i could see the view of the city from above . the view of the skyscrapers was amazing . then i saw the huge stadium from above . what a sight ! another building 's dome was magnificent in the amazing view of the city below . the city lights were so beautiful at night . they sparkled in the darkness .
overview of a city with a wide river crossing it a wide angled city view is seen from the perception of a helicopter . there are many spectators enjoying the day at this stadium . a large building to the right has a huge domed top . scene from high of city at night with lighted buildings and busy streets .
a marine band played live music at the charity event at the location location . the organization organization chefs prepared wonderful tasting appetizers with a southwest theme for the event . president obama and his wife , [female] , surprised everyone with a quick speech . after the speech , president obama mingled with the crowd . there were a lot of local business people at the charity event .
six band members in red shirts and blue pants . cactus shaped cookies and yellow cake with icing on top . president obama and the first lady are at a podium speaking . the president enjoys a party at a large room a group of people are dressed up to take a pic
being invited to the organization organization is an honour that many dont get to claim . there is a special detail just for the music ! the desserts are just as fancy though they are very common as well , not totally exotic . the best part about it is the signature objects that have the seal on it . even on the napkins ! i didnt think i would even get to meet the president but here he was , walking among everyone and i even got to say hello . being invited to the organization organization is a major event and seeing the president ( and first lady ) up close is definitely something to write home about !
a group of men in red uniforms play various instruments together . an assortment of baked goods arranged for serving . president obama and his wife [female] smiled largely at the podium . the president of [location] is smiling and surrounded by a crowd of people in the [location] [location] . a group of people in formal attire pose for a photo .
the band is playing for the president . food is layed out . the president makes a speech . people clap after the speech . these people were glad to see the president .
six men in uniforms playing musical instruments over a checkered floor . little cakes with white icing on top and cactus cookies . president obama and [female] obama smile as they stand behind the podium . president obama talks to others in a crowded room of people , a group of four men and one woman posing in a hallway .
this littler dog looked on with trepidation . but with his owner right there he calmed down . there 's nothing quite like the bond between child and dog . most of the dogs were panting in the heat . though some had a very dignified composure .
a small dog on a leash sticking its tongue out . a dog standing next to a woman with its tongue hanging out . boy in red shirt with basketball hero 's number hugging white pitbull on pink leash a bulldog mix breed dog on a leash panting . the light gray dog looked on eagerly while its owner held on to the leash .
this dog show is going to be so fun . i bet i win . ni i will win i ma by far the best there is here . i do n't care if i win , my buddy still loves me . i am too ugly to win , or maybe not . ya he is too ugly to win .
a small brown and black terrier on a leash dog with his tongue out panting after a romp . a boy in a red shirt is hugging a white dog on a pink leash . a brown and white dog wearing a leash with his tongue sticking out a grey dog in front of a blue fence .
all my best friends are dogs like [male] who is scruffy but lots of fun . moxie lives just down the street and always has a spare bone for me to gnaw . of course [male] is the hug lover of our group . when [male] comes to party though , we howl at the moon all night long . sometimes i just shake my head and love my dog 's life .
a cute little dog on a leash standing in the grass . a dog wearing a red kerchief peeks from behind a woman 's legs . a child hugging a dog wearing a pink shirt . dog with tongue sticking out looking at camera a profile of a young dog against a fence at a dog show .
a parking meter is decorated in pink . the skyline of the city is beautiful against the sky and river . foot steps of various colors adorn the boardwalk . some art is seen on the walls . some different charachter art is seen .
a parking meter is covered in pink , hearts and words . aerial view of a city , skyscrapers and a body of water a side walk is covered in colorful foot prints . graffiti that includes an image of a person with a chainsaw menacing a crying child . the wall of a entrance of tattoo parlor or band artist
our city is really a lovely place . even the graffiti is done in good taste . paintings on the building depicting beautiful people . and gorgeous statues . and who could resist the baby penguin named [female] ?
a pink painted meter with french words written on it . the city skyline next to a bridge crossing the water . female that is wearing sandals is walking across an area that has a variety of different painted foot prints . a drawing of a young boy above some letters that do n't spell anything a large mural with interesting abstract designs composing it
art finds many forms . art expresses so many emotions . art represents ideals of beauty . art can be fierce . art can be adorable .
a parking meter parking in both pink , black and red many skyscrapers can be seen in this city shot . painted footprints on the sidewalk with a woman walking near them . a wall is covered with colorful grafitti art a large black and white collage rests on a sidewalk .
there is a castle . and there are rocks by the castle . beware the floating head ! and beware the sheep . for they will drown you !
a hill beyond a stone wall with a trash can in front a group of rocks that are next to the hill . a man is peeking over tall grass in a field a small group of sheep are walking along the shore 's edge . land on the horizon surrounded by calm water .
here we are playing hide and seek . john looked cool staring out to the ocean as twilight came we had fun on the beach john thought he was king of the world . as we were leaving the island .
a large tower is at the top of a mountain . a stone fort is built atop a rocky peak . my friend was trapped in the tall grass , and all we could see was his head crying out for help . sheep are walking on a path near the ocean . a picture is taken of an island from afar .
our trip to the ancient castle ruins was amazing . the castle sat high up on a hill , guarded by great big rocks . i had a fun time hiding in the rolling hills . we even met some friendly sheep along the way ! it was a beautiful day . i would n't change a thing .
what appears to be an ancient site of fortress on a grassy hill . a stone wall and wooden fence surround the area . a walkway filled with people in the distance and trashcan in the foreground suggest that this is a site open to the public . a castle sits on top of a green hill , under a blue sky . a man standing in a high level of a field a group of sheep walk next to the shore an ocean that is by mountains on a clear day .
the old church has a graveyard this was the first house in the county turned into a church the original settlers are buried here most of the decedents still live in the area the gate has been here for over 100 years
a white two-story sits between a hill and a cemetery . this looks like it could be a historic church . it is white with a steeple and a tin roof . tombstone shown in a graveyard during a cloudy day . a church has a centenary in front of it gate with stone arch leading to street , across from house .
i returned to my old house that day . it still looked exactly as it used to , except it was a church now . the cemetery nearby was depressing to see again . the house was really beautiful though and i remembered my childhood there . i finally left and traveled back home .
a cement walkway leads past an old cemetery to a little white church in the country . in the middle of a rural area is a white house grave markers in rows seen near stone wall . a little village cemetery with a white church in the background a stone archway and wrought iron gate is at the entrance .
the church was white and there were rocks near . the gate was big and there was a home near that was a cemetery home .
green roofed white house in a grassy field with graves nearby a hose made of iron sheets . both the walls and the roof are all made of iron sheets . the headstones are in different shapes and sizes . a white house by a graveyard in an evening a stone wall with entry way with a gate on it .
it was a beautiful day for trip to the beach . when i had first arrived there are only a couple people th after a few hours of playing in the ocean and building sandcastles at the beach started to fill up . as i walk the beach i could n't help but notice the beautiful sale goes out in the ocean . when we were all done at the beach we decided to hit the local amusement park for some extra fun .
this girl is wearing a cute fedora while at the beach people in swimming suits at the beach watching the waves come in . a very crowded beach with an amusement park in the background . two sailboats with their sails furled drift in front of a mountain . a blue and light pink sign advertising the [organization] [organization] .
i am so happy to be at the beach today . clear skies mean there will be plenty of sunshine . it looks like a lot of people decided to come enjoy the water today . there are a couple of boats to watch while i relax on the sand . i am definitely riding that ride before i leave .
the woman is putting on her hat to shade herself from the sunlight at the beach . people in bathing suits are in the ocean . a whoile lot of people at the beach , with a little boy in a green shirt the two boats shared the water and the wonderful view of the mountain . the entranceway sign to a chairlifts at an amusement park
on vacation at the beach down in location location with my wife ! we hit the beach first , and there were n't many people there , fortunately . later on , the crowds came , and we decided it was too much for us . we left and took a small boat across the water . we ended up at this place in location location . not sure what it is , but it 's the start of our adventure !
woman with a hat on her head standing on beach smiling at camera a group of 5 people stand in the water on a beach . the kids had more fun at the beach then the amusement park a sailboat and fishing boat with masts lowered . a sign spanning two buildings with pink stripes and big white letters .
my friends and i love to go biking . we ride through the city . we pass animals in the fields when we ride through the country . we bike for many miles . at the end of our excursions , we feel tired but happy .
the bike riders stop to rest along their trek next to a pedestrian sign . two bike riders are going down the road . a group of cows that are playing in the fields . group of people riding bicycles down a country road . friends stand together to give a big thumbs up at a sports event .
last weekend i went on a bike ride with my friends . we started at a parking lot in town . from there , we zoomed around the country side . some roads were very twisty . my friends and i had lots of fun .
people are riding bikes on the local street . a view of the street on a good day . a herd of black and white cows relax behind a wire fence . a group of people are riding bicycles in a rural area . a group of mixed aged people giving the thumbs up .
we 're going out biking . starting off at the library . 25 miles and we 've hit ... . nothing ! riding through main street . the only stoplight in town ! made it our final destination ! now lets get some beers !
the people wearing helmets are posing with their bicycles two cyclists are crossing an intersection near a store . a farm field full of cows that are both laying and standing . people that are riding their bikes on the road . a group of people smiling at a camera ; they look very happy and playful . a few of them are giving thumbs-ups .
the scene is dark but the mood is light as the young people have gathered to enjoy each other . although the guy in the middle has his are around a girl , he pays much more attention to the guy with the camera . this laptop controls the lighting for the room . an adjustment is made . it is not quite a disco ball , but spires of light illuminate the room . the windows are reflecting because there is so little light inside the rooms . the optical illusion of a giant hand is part of the control that the laptop has on the environment . the young people have indeed had a unique and enjoyable experience .
a group of people posing for a picture . a person with a tattoo on their arm is adjust controls . a man and woman in the studio listening to music the outside of a store that is closed at night in the winter . people standing on the street around the corner . a woman wearing headphones and a red shirt adjusts a dial .
the party started at 11:00 the dj was getting warmed up . something had to change because people were getting bored . then walked through the door was the senior dj . she took control of the night .
a man points forward with his arms around two other people . tattooed arm reaching over a dark surface to reach something . the woman is listening to the music being made in the studio . picture of a building lit up with purple lights , during a cold night . the lady is playing with the dj mixer machine .
i used a wide angle lens to capture the club exterior . we were the first to arrive . this dj is infamous and draws a rowdy crowd every time . my two closest friends in the world are still inseparable . it 's not a party until these troublemakers show up ! for the final song i was allowed to dj . it was so much fun !
a guy standing between a man and woman pointing . the woman has a tattoo of indian feathers on his arm two people with a hat and cap on their heads in a very dark room the corner building has glass windows and a window in the door . a female dj spins a record as she wears headphones at an event .
my friends and i went to a renaissance fair today . our friend [male] was making kilts for us . later some women came out during a parade . i got my dad to try on a kilt . he actually thought the kilt looked good on him .
a smiling man in a black skirt and top is holding a glass of white liquid.at a porch . a group of men prepping clothing merchandise for their outside clothing hut . three adults stand outside of building with assortment of kilts on display . a man in a black shirt and a black kilt many people in the forest are enjoying an event .
i love the fair . so many guys in skirts . see , there 's a bunch of them . and some even wear cowboy hats . why , i do not know .
the man is wearing a skirt and holding up a cup with a smile . man wearing kilts are setting up a store appearing to sell kilts . two men and a woman all wearing kilts a man wearing a black shirt and kilt poses for the camera . fun times at the medieval fair , time to dress up .
this man drinks up before getting started in his day of selling utility kilts . time to get the kilts on the racks . some happy customers pose together in their new kilts . a first time kilt buyer tries on several before he decides on this one . many people came by for the sale before the day was over .
he finally finished his outfit and we celebrated with a drink ! two people standing among clothes in a small open shelter . three people wearing kilts outside of a kilt store a man in a kilt standing with his arms on his hips a group of people dressed in costume in a wooded area .
walking by santas house . getting a few more gifts . a christmas vendor selling shirts . buying a few snacks . ready to go home .
garage covered in plastic with a trash can in front people are out and about shopping during the holidays a young man sits at a desk in what looks to be some kind of souvenir shop . a man stands under a brightly lit wooden food cart . a large group of people looking at booths in a christmas market .
this is the way in to all of the fun . there are lots of people and holiday cheer . you can buy things at each booth . here you can get any information you need for this amazing event . just remember to have fun and enjoy yourself .
a building is rapped with a white opaque plastic covering.s people are hanging around a marketplace where a woman is selling purses . the vintage shop owner can be seen working on his next project . this looks like a sales booth that is decorated with christmas decorations and lights . a large crowd is in the corridor looking at all the booths on both sides .
the shops are opening . these people are looking to buy some clothes . this store owner hopes people come to his shop . this booth gives information . the shops are very busy .
white tarps with red stripes are covering the fronts of buildings at night . people stop in the street to look at stuff being sold by a woman . a person in a black top is working behind the counter of a retail shop that is decorated for christmas . a food stand decorated with lights at night . there are many people browsing during the holiday .
they were on staycation at a resort in the midwest many people were enjoying the beautiful day . since the lake was so calm , the newlyweds thought they would try kayaking for the first time . the wife can not swim , so she was giggling nervously as they headed out the the water a crowd gathered the cheer her on !
athletes gather around a tent as they prepare for an event . the people are out in a canoe on the water . people are standing on the rocks near a large body of water a man and woman wearing life jackets use their paddles to row in a kayak on the water . a group of people under a small tent at the waters edge along a river
this is my view point from my work space . the weather looks good . i will be at the beach for the rest of the day . my motel room right by the beach . all these chairs will be great to relax with friends .
people gathering at a downtown park in hotter weather two people on a canoe paddling across a body of water with trees lined up along the shore . people are standing on the beach watching the boats sale . the people are kayaking together in life jackets people on the seaside after they had a large
everyone had to put on floatation devices to go out on the boats . [female] was excited to paddle out into the water . she even had water shoes for the event . [female] and [male] had a lot of fun on the water . everyone was all smiles as they floated along on the lake .
many people are out and about in the city . two canoers in life vests paddling across a harbor . people standing on a rocky area next to a large body of water two people sit in a bright red , inflatable boat , rowing it through the water . the people are all standing on the sidewalk near the water .
i went to my sister 's birthday party . it was lots of fun . our brother was there too and he came by to say hi . it 's been awhile since we 've seen him . uncle [male] was there as well , he was up to his regular antics . even my cousin was n't safe from his craziness . also [male] , jr was there , yeah the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
a woman with glasses that is next to the man . two people smiling at the camera and one of them is a man with a beared the woman gazes at the man and his silly expressions . a man and a woman pose together in front of wine . a group of people smile and pose for a picture together .
it is new years and everyone at the bar is very excited . this is their first new years together and they are celebrating it all night . the man is already slightly drunk . another couple poses for a picture they are just happy to be together tonight . finally it is almost time for the ball to drop and the group waits anxiously for it to happen .
a man and woman celebrating and sharing a drink . a man and woman are smiling for a picture . a man making a face with a woman smiling next to him a couple are photographed together at a function . three girls and a guy posing for a camera photo
our anniversary party was at our favorite restaurant this year . my brother proudly posed with his new girlfriend . i do n't think she realizes what she has gotten herself into . my husband and his youngest sister in a photo i plan to frame . my husband with my pretty coworkers . he did a little flirting so it was time to drag him home .
two people sipping drinks at a birthday party . a man and woman pose as the last patrons of the evening . wife looking at husband making strange face and rock and roll sign a man and a woman . smiling at a party or event the man and women are in the group smiling .
we took our family to the county fair . we started the day with our daughter riding the ponies . next my son went down a huge rainbow slide . my husband tried his hand at the day game and managed to win two prizes for the kids . my favorite was the big farm tractors .
people are moving around near the exit of a carnival ride . a child wearing pink shoes is on top of a horse a boy going down a blue portion of the slide on a burlap sack . a man stands in front of several rows of balloons . the very large tractor makes the lady appears to be tiny
i went over to the petting zoo the other day . they had many horses that you could ride . and sheep as well . all of the pigs were sleeping . the cows were tired too .
people gather in front of a ride at a carnival . a baby in a pink outfit riding on the saddle of a horse . he enjoyed the big slide more than the rollercoster waiting for the people to play his game . a small woman is standing on the steps of the large tractor .
my father took me on a horse drawn carriage to visit the local farm . he showed me one of the other horses he was raising . when we came to the sheep pen , i saw my little cousin playing with one . the pigs had just eaten and were just sleeping in their pen . the cows were sleeping too .
adults watch as children ride an amusement park ride . a cute young girl in a carhart hat and pink coat rides a horse . a boy is sliding down a multicolored slide on a sack . a man sits in front of rows of different colored balloons . a woman standing on a red and black tractor .
my parents took us to the scottish coast for vacation this year . it was crazy . not a mile from the water , there were sheep farms . how do they keep the sheep away from the water ? the road signs were neat . they all appeared to be handmade rather than machined . we followed one of the signs down to the beach , were we walked along the coast . mom made me take this picture standing along the cliff line . it was a cool area .
a man in standing on a tall hill by the sea looking at the camera . an image of a herd of sheep that are in side a fenced area a large green field is covered in grass . a small hut is built into a english hill side a whole bunch of sheep in a big field
i went to visit a sheep farm in the countryside . the sheep are sometimes kept in a corral . but they often graze in lush green pastures like this one . when the sheep went to the pasture , the shepherd and i slept in this hillside hut overnight . both the shepherd and i found this view beautiful when we got up in the morning .
this image is of a boy smiling while standing on a mountain . the sheep have been brought out of pasture back into the stable an aerial view of a grassy field with trees . a beautiful view of green grass on the ground sheep gathered to graze in a field near water .
location was such a beautiful place to travel around . we enjoyed walking past all the sheep farms . even walking far from the towns , signs told us where everything was . we walked the trail right down to the beach . the views all around were probably my favorite part of our trip .
a young man smiling for photo while standing high above the water all the sheep stay close for warmth inside thier pen on the farm . a grass field with one path , a fence and green bushes . a little structure that can be seen at the field . a large herd of sheep grazing in the grass next to a lake .
[male] went down to the docks to see a ship . he saw a duck . he saw some strange places . finally he saw a ship . it was the constellation .
young man on sidewalk near water feature in city scene . a duck walks in some water near the bricks . a large , modern painting has been done on an old brick wall between a glass window on the left an doors on the right . the painting is black , red , white with a little aqua . it appears to be of a cat wearing a crown . beneath it , it says , `` here to stay '' a tall ship has room for sails as it sits in the harbor . a ship is in harbor , is tied up and is named the constellation .
we went on a walk to the pier . a duck followed us for awhile . this was a cool mural on the wall . there were some old ships at the pier . we boarded one of them and learned a lot .
the man is in jeans and a blue shirt a mallard duck walking along the edge of the water . a cartoon image of a dog wearing a tiara is on the side of a red brick building . large masted ship docked near walkway with pedestrian . the boat in the water is named constellation .
man out taking a picture next to the water where a duck is swimming the duck is walking in the water . a sign of a place as a amazing art . then a boat in a water before take off a picture of the front of the boat is taken .
man at edge of water in city scene . a mallard duck walking alone on a flooded street . a picture of a black character with red features is painted on a brick wall . the green boat is setting outside in the water a large wooden ship docked in a body of water .
today i went and visited an old estate they they turned into a museum . it had a very large colection or art in it . the main front hall was still original and very ornate . the blue room had many large pieces of art in it . this was my favarite painting of teh collection , it was so large .
two people standing in front of a round structure white two others take their picture . the woman and the man are looking at the intricate picture a large plant in the middle of a large hallway with black and white floors . a woman looks at portraits in an art gallery . an elderly man stands near a greek painting in a museum .
[male] and [male] went to the museum today . they studied famous pictures together . they walked through replica houses . they pondered over old sculptures . in the end they ran out of time and did n't get to go through the last door .
a couple is being photographed while standing beside a sculpture in front of a building . two people are standing looking at a painting on the wall . a plant is in the middle of a well decorated hallway . beautiful and expensive paintings in an art gallery . an older man is reading the description of a painting
they spent the day at the art gallery . there were paintings dating back hundreds of years in the gallery . the gallery was a very formal place . the different types and sizes of the paintings and quality was impressive . this painting took a very long time for the artist to complete .
walking in a garden type setting with trees in front of a vintage building is priceless . two people are standing and looking at a painting on the wall a colorful small tree standing in the middle of a hallway a woman views paintings hanging in an art museum . a man stands near a large painting hanging on a wall .
i go to estate and garage sales and buy boxes of photos , among other antiques . i 'm not sure what to say about this but collecting them makes me feel like each one has a story to tell . those faces so fresh and bright , memories of things and places that those photos hold always mystifies me when i look at them . so many memories held in amber . these photos mark a time in a moment that can not be recreated . it is amazing to me to find these photos and making my own stories and memories of these strangers . i love these old treasures .
a father or grandfather holding a child holding a doll smiling . the family is together for a picture on the steps woman and child outside an old car with a man inside . a family is sitting outside in front of a rose bush . a vintage photo shows a group of people having a picnic in the woods .
the man was holding his grandchild the family took a family photo dressup . the mother and daughter took a photo beside there blue car they sit outside in the hot sun they played outside together and had a good time
a grandfather holds his granddaughter while the granddaughter holds her doll . a group of people standing in formal wear . a woman and a child are posing next to a green car which has a man inside man and woman sitting on lounge chairs while baby plays in yard in between them . a large group of friends sitting down on a picnic bench in the woods .
everyone was all dressed up . the family was off . they all headed toward the car . after they layed out in the sun . the rest of the family showed up as well .
older man standing near a door while holding a young girl a vintage photo of a family dressed for a special occasion . three people pose with their vehicle for a family picture . the woman and the man sit outside with the girl a gathering of people outdoors around a picnic table .
the start to a good vacation is history . the sunsets are amazing back at home . wow ! let 's look for the pot of gold ! the little ones are putting on a great show . it is always hard to leave ...
two women posing for a photo in front of a sign a full rainbow crosses a country valley and arches over a distant mountain . the elderly man is sitting between two cows . a guy has a sheep by the horns while another guy is doing something with a stick . a yellow school bus moving down the road and sitting on top of a hill
[female] and [female] , who have been best friends since 2nd grade , decide to go on vacation together . while traveling they see many amazing sights . they also meet many interesting people . they immerse themselves in the local culture and activities . finally , they get on the bus and head back home .
two women in blue jackets are by a sign for whiskey on a building . a rainbow glows over a green valley and in the bright blue sky . a man wearing an english cap is sitting between two cows . a man holding a stick over an animal and another man holding the animals horns . a school bus is driving on a rural road .
two girls from my class ( [female] olson and [female] halverson ) pose in front of a power 's whiskey , location 's best ! lucky charms is magically delicious and so is this beautiful valley just south of location , location . after finally arriving at the world 's fair our group 's first stop was the horticulture section and this local irish fellow was so nice to pose for me . sometimes the animals like this huge sheep ( i think ) need some serious prodding and man handling to move them along . this is the other bus our group was riding in ahead of us on our way back to location after a long but fun day .
two you girls waiting outside under a power 's whiskey sign . a rainbow is in the sky over a large green field the picture is black and white with an old man sitting in front of a cow . group of people outdoors , one man holding the horns of a sheep , another man standing behind the sheep with a large stick in his hand the back of the school bus can be scene as it heads down the road .
painted eggs are the next museum exhibit . this blue egg has swirls and is very eye catching . this egg reminds me of outer space for some reason . this golden egg has a royal look . the bright red and abstract strokes make this an unusual specimen .
several pink rose flowers growing in a bush a giant egg is in the middle of a room . a golden egg with swirls is sitting upon chairs and a grassy area . red , yellow , and brown egg sculpture in courtyard of mall large , colorful eggs inside of a shopping mall .
the garden outside the exhibit was beautiful . the first egg in the easter exhibit reminded the kids of eyeballs . they thought the next one should be called scrambled egg . their favorite , they called dragon fire . there were so many amazing eggs to see . we want to come back again .
large section of little pink tea roses with bits of greenery a collection of giant eggs decorating a lobby . a giant decorated egg in the courtyard of a shopping mall . large egg shaped red item stand on display atop pile of branches at indoor mall . several colorful and huge eggs in center of a shopping mall
there were many pretty flowers by the big eggs . one was yellow and another was red . there were many big eggs .
light pink flowers and some green plants flood a flower garden . large , multi-colored eggs sculptures sitting atop nests on display . a large golden egg sculpture in a shopping area . the image did not load correctly and i was not able to describe . the inside of a building has large easter egg decorations
yesterday , our school had a fund raiser dinner . all the teachers came to eat and donate . there were long lines at the buffet . when the food was served it looked delicious . the best part was that we all gave and gathered for a good cause .
a group of people are inside an auditorium people sitting at a table eating and smiling towards the camera a buffet with patrons who are wearing casual clothes . a plate of food with a fork and knife touching the floor people sitting at a table with food and soft drinks .
there was a sausage and fried chicken supper at the vfw hall tonight . many families came , as well as many young people . the food was delicious , and people really enjoyed visiting with their friends and neighbors .
a large auditorium crowded with people eating at a plentiful number of circular tables three people sitting at a table eating food . people are in this hall which is offering a buffet . what a delicious plate of meats and vegetables a group of men and women sitting at a table eating a meal together .
our team party was held in the school auditorium this year . the girls are both star athletes . the guy is a guest . the buffet was impressive and most went back for seconds . our meal consisted of polish food . our town is predominately polish . here 's most of the team at one table . everyone wants a copy of this shot .
the crowd is waiting for the speaking to begin . three people sitting down to eat getting their picture taken , two are smiling and the other is looking down . people stand in line for a buffet at an event . the plate holds sausage , pierogis , dumplings , and salad . group of young people sharing a meal together .
a parade to celebrate veteran 's day takes place today . parachutists drop right down onto main street during the parade . former veterans of the organization organization move through the street amidst cheers from the crowd . young boy scouts participate to honor their veterans . everyone is thankful for their sacrifice .
a kid holding two flags standing by the road . the parade had floats of two stunt men who were climbing to the top of it . man in military uniform with various awards on jacket , wearing white pants and white gloves , with cap on head . people standing around watching event . a boy marches in a parade for boy scouts several young girls are holding signs that say `` thank you ''
i went to a veteran 's day parade with my grand children . paratroopers jumped from a plane and landed right in the street . this marine was highly decorated . that is my grandson looking into the camera . my granddaughter is holding a `` thank you ! '' sign for the veterans .
a little boy offers to share one of his american flags at a parade . a skydiver lands in the middle of the road while onlookers stand on the sidelines . a military man saluting for the camera in a parade . the boy scouts are holding flags and marching in the parade . people watching a parade , cheering and holding signs .
my friends and i went to a parade last week . it was for the fourth of july . we saw an airplane fly overhead . out of the airplane jumped skydivers . my little brother 's boy scout troop was in the parade .
a young boy waves two american flags at a parade . a parade is taking place on a city street a man in a marines uniform taking part in a parade , sitting on the back of a convertible and giving a salute . cub scouts walk down the street in a parade . the children standing are holding thank you signs .
local british personalities were lining up for the brit awards . actors showed up , models showed up , announcers showed up , and even billboard musical artists !
a woman wearing a sheer purple dress two men in front of a 2012 brit awards backdrop . a beautiful young lady wearing black dress and giving pose four successful young black males posing in front of a poster . holding an oscar in his hand , from [location] .
everyone was at the big premiere ! like this guy in the black jacket . and this hottie in purple . not to mention the girl in green . and these two fools showed up too .
a woman in a revealing dress poses for a picture . the two men are standing together in front of a billboard . a model arriving to the british awards in 2012 . four african american men posing for a picture . a man standing at a press back drop holds an award
for this event she chose the perfect dress . these two young men came very underdressed considering the way others were dressed . this woman came to this award event completely ready . these young british men are dressed dapper and neat . it looks like he snagged himself an award .
model at an award show showing off her designer dress two men dressed in urban attire stand in front of logos a woman posing in front of a board at the brit awards 2012 friends are taking a picture in front of the wall . man in dark suit holding statue in front of colorful sign
a good day to be a dog . we played in the grass . smelled delicious smells . looked through the railings . and even jumped on some logs .
a picture of a dog walking with a leash the dog is tied off on a leash in the grass a small black and brown dog on a leash is sniffing the ground a person with a hand on a dog that is looking through gaps on a bridge . a dog on a leash is walking on a fallen log .
the dog was excited for his daily walk . the dog ran around , exploring the park . it sniffed everything it could see . the dog and its owner stopped to rest on a bridge . the dog did not want to leave but it was time to go home .
a small black and brown dog on a leash follows it 's human a dog that is in the middle of running the puppy is sniffing the ground while being walked on a leash . a blonde person is petting a dog looking out of an opening . the dog is standing on a log in the woods .
the new puppy just arrived home ! he was playing fetch with big sticks and running around . he enjoyed sniffing his new yard and going for a walk . he had no fear when they got to the bridge and decided to look out over the water . this little guy is going to enjoy his new home .
small-medium black and brown dog trotting through grass outside a german shepard dog running in the woods . a puppy on a leash sniffing grass and fallen leaves . a person that is near the edge of the bridge . a dog on a leash climbs on a fallen tree .
there is a television tucked in the corner beneath the flag . rule brittania ! cross stitch using old tennis racquets as canvas . interesting ! a crochet grill ! everything looks delicious , and very cute . how creative ! this is a really interesting collection of cards . trophies , cosmetics and sunglasses . that 's quite an assortment !
the tv is on and is sitting underneath a flag . the tennis rackets have designs embroidered on them . a fuzzy toy grill holds fake steak and eggs . a bunch of posters are on the bulletin board . white shelves with many trophies sitting on them .
for the holidays sit home with the family and enjoy tv . next , get out and play a sport activity such as tennis with family . put some of the most delicious food on the grill . maybe spend some looking at pictures and postal in your office . last , get a good feel of your trophies from all your hard work .
television playing a program underneath the flag of [location] . each of the three tennis rackets were crocheted with a different design . the toy looks like a barbecue with steaks on it . a cork board is covered n rows of papers . a store room sits full of trophies on shelves .
during our trip to location location we saw many odd things . there was a museum devoted to rackets . these were traditional rackets . this was a not so tradition racket . a racket made to look like a grill . there were so many post cards to choose from . the gift shop also lots of statues to choose from .
a [organization] television playing a show under a british style flag . three tennis rackets pegged to a metal siding wall . a photo of a grill and food is being displayed . the papers are clipped up on the bulletin board . this is a room filled with many trophies
we all had a great time skiing . there were many warning signs on the ski slope . we took some silly pictures . the views were great from the top . i hope we can go back next year .
a group of skiers are jumping in the snow for the camera . two people bypassing a sign that says `` danger area closed . '' the man is stuck in the crevice of the tree . a person with snow shoes on is sitting on top of a hill . two people are outdoors near a ski lift .
the ski day started out simple enough , everyone put both their feet in . [female] was so excited that she jumped for joy . [male] tried hard but just could n't stand up . [male] and [male] decided it was just easier to slide down on their bottoms . [male] , well [male] did the [male] thing and got himself stuck in a tree .
four skiers hold hands as they make a jump . a man woman trek through a closed dangerous area . a man is looking inside a tree trunk . someone taking a picture of their feet in snow shoes a couple that is riding near the fence .
the group of friends went skiing together one weekend . they had a wonderful time breaking rules . a hollowed tree trunk was found on one of the trails . all were exhausted after such a crazy day in the snow . they headed back for their homes .
the people on the snow skates are holding hands . two hikers sneak into the dangerous section of the mountain that has been closed due to hazardous winter conditions . someone has their head in a hole in a hollowed tree trunk . a first person view of a ski hill from a person sitting down two people look out at the water as they stand at they stand near a fence .
my friend had a `` pot luck '' dinner last night . there were all sorts of food and drinks . it was a beautiful display . my friend cooked some of the food that night . when the food was all put out on the table we had great fun .
some ingredients on a table to cook something vegetables chopped with a chefs knife on a wooden cutting board . four cans of [location] coconut milk on a wood table . a woman is preparing a salad dish in the kitchen . a long table with several bowls of food being looked at by a line of people
i came back from the grocery store with all of the ingredients that i need for my recipe . i 'm going to make a lot of food tonight . i invited everyone over for dinner . it took me a couple of hours but i eventually finished making everything . it all looks very good and everyone had a great time .
food utensils and condiments are on a small wood table a photo of food being prepared , with a cutting board , knives , and bowls of chopped vegetables . someone is taking a spoonful of powder out of a can a woman preparing food in a kitchen at the counter three people in glasses in line for a buffet of food .
i went to the store and got all of the ingredients i need for dinner . prepping the meal takes so much longer than eating it . i bought canned food and i am not ashamed to admit it . [female] helped me mix the sauces together . our friends had a wonderful time !
groceries on kitchen counter in readiness for food preperation . food items on a counter being prepared for cutting . the can of power has a serving spoon in it . a woman that is cooking in the kitchen . people are gathering around the food with plates in hand
the new city square was really nice and fun , it was definitely worth the wait . this statue was so unique that we had to take a picture of it . this building was still being constructed , but its getting there . the new designs outside was unique , but much needed . this giant mirror ball was awesome , and provided a great photo .
a bunch of flowers are growing outside of a city area a green statue of a man smiling with the word `` nice '' inscribed at its base . a vertical strata view of a huge metal ferris wheel a skewed photo of a reflection of skyscrapers . a woman at a famous landmark in [location] doing a handstand .
decided to go around town taking pictures . this is just silly . look she 's got big hands . thanks for your donation to my picture taking . these flowers are dead but pretty at the same time . what a wonderful waterfall . wait , what a better wonderful waterfall .
a field of wildflowers with city buildings on the horizon . green sculpture of a man in a tie in a city area . a ferris wheel can be seen from a downward view the art exhibit was displayed in the park near downtown a person puts her hands up to her reflection on a large ball .
the park is a great place to view the city . there are lots of monuments and other exiting landmarks . the rides are fun for adults and kids alike . this photo provides an interesting way to view the city . parents and kids love to spend all day here .
the city looked great from the meadows on the warm summer day . a statue of a man with a large smile the interior of the [organization] wheel is lit up . a modern building , with poles in front of it . woman pushing against her on hands in a reflection .
today , the group of friends have an adventure . their adventure is in a rural town . there is n't much civilization out here , however , there is a pool and drinks to cool everyone off . the friends are having a great time , but think they would have a great time wherever they were .
the men are standing in a swimming pool drinking . five people playing and drinking in a pool with a woman in front a man in blue shorts using a ladder to climb a fence . a man poses for a picture while holding toothpaste a man that is holding up a pink toothbrush .
there were plenty of people at the pool party . we invited all of our friends . there was also a diving board . afterward we went to the bar to hang out . i really had to brush my teeth .
the men are drinking in the pool out of glasses . a group of individuals are playing around a pool . two men hold a ladder while the third man climbs to the top of it . a young male party-goer smiling and having a good time . an asian man closing his eyes while holding a toothbrush .
we were swimming and having a good time . people were drinking beer . we decided to have a pool party with our friends . some of our friends decided to pick some fruit from the neighbors trees . once it got dark people were starting to get very drunk . we decided it would be better to let people crash at our house instead of driving home . this was the safe option .
men in a pool with two sharing a drink . a woman sitting on the edge of a pool the boy is climbing ladder while menhold it a young man holding his hands up celebrating . image of a oriental male who is holding a pink toothbrush in his right hand in front of the camera .
i had a great time on vacation last year . there was a canal that went through the entire city . it was great . i had a wonderful time . we took plenty of pictures while we were there .
last year vacation , took a picture at this beautiful lake in town a city street with a building in the background along with trees that have had the leaves fall off . a bike rack in front of a building holds many bikes along the street . a river flows between tree-lined streets and row houses . old multi-story brownstones show the benefits of the city 's gentrification trend .
me and my wife went to historic downtown for a day out . we went to the historic district and walked through the neighborhood . the sights were beautiful . many historic monuments and buildings were a sight to see . the beautiful flowing rivers into the city are inspiring . the district is gorgeous and we are hoping one day we can afford to move into a townhouse or flat in the city center .
a woman is standing in front of a river a group of buildings on a city street that look older . an old building standing in front of a crowded bike rack . large expanse of water flowing under a bridge . several multi-story buildings with lots of windows line the street .
the building was standing very tall in the park . we traveled using a river . there were very many figurines at the shop . the home was well decorated and had many windows . i told my wife to take a picture near the river .
a woman near a canal with a slight smile straightening out her hair . a row of trees line the street in front of the town . a very tall building with a bunch of bikes parked in front of it . a waterway lined with trees , boats and cars tall building with many windows has a tree nearby .
i live in a great neighborhood . here is my home . my next door neighbor is a dentist . he is patriotic . on the other side of my house is my lawyer friend . across the street lives dr. wennington . the oldest home on our block belongs to the [male] family .
a plantation style house with trees with no leaves surrounding it . there is an american flag on a pole on the front lawn . the view of a house surrounded by bare trees . a house is decorated with christmas stuff . a nice home has a white porch and a green yard with trimmed bushes .
today was barn day . i saw a white barn . then a yellow barn . i also saw a second yellow barn . but the beige barn was the best .
a barn like house , that is red with white railing . a cozy white two story barned style home set on a lush green hill with trees in the background and an american flag on a pole set in front of the home . the house has large trees and red shutters . a farm style hose and garage around christmas time a dutch colonial home stands on a lush green lawn surrounded by mature trees .
we saw some nice houses on the trip . we liked the porch on this one . however , the porch on this one was all the way across and the flag was a nice touch . this house seemed to be biggest and included a garage and in-law suite . this house had the nicest garage and included a possible rental apartment over the space . this house had the best yard for playing and also had a nice porch .
a two-story house with a rocking chair on the porch is pictured in the fall . there is an american flag in the front yard of the home . a big house with trees in the yard by the road . the view from a car window of a house with a lane with cornerstones with wreaths . large brick and wooden historic looking home with white porch
[male] moved to a new state and got an apartment with a great view of the city . from his window he could see the tower in the distance . at night he could sit on his deck and enjoy the air . he had friends over to celebrate his new abode . he even got to try using the local smoking paraphernalia .
a panoramic view of a huge city with skyscrapers in the foreground an image of a mountain with the city in view a young man sits in a small cheese-shaped kiddy pool without water . three people sitting on a couch outside at night . a hooka pipe sits in front of them . guy smoking the water pipe while sitting on a red rug
at my brothers new place he has a great view of the big city . he lives in a wooded area but is so close to the city . i got to sit under the lights at a local stop place . we enjoyed the night air while smoking a little bit . i normally do not smoke but it was my birthday so i did .
a large city line view of various buildings . a view of a city showing smog or fog mman sitting in the middle of circular seat under a street light . three people sit together on a seat with the city lights in the back round . a guy sitting down outside going to use a bong .
meet [male] . meet [male] . they both live in this beautiful city you see before you . they have a special hang out where they go their friends to unravel and have good vibes . illuminated by the lights you can tell this city means everything to [male] and [male] .
from the tree topped hill we can see a vast city with tall buildings . a tower rises over the city during this foggy day . a man is sitting in a large yellow round bench with a view of the city lights behind him two men and one kid sit outside overlooking the city at night . a seated curly haired young man prepares to use a hookah .
my family and i got together to celebrate my granddads 75th birthday . we made him king for the day at his party . all of us wore mustaches and glasses because granddad has a mustache and wears glasses . the whole family was there to help him celebrate his birthday . granddad had a really good time .
a birthday message for richard has a cake picture on it an older gentleman with a red phony hat who has a beard and eye glasses . three women pose with silly masks on as they smile . people are having a party and wearing groucho marx glasses . some friends acting silly wearing crazy glasses with big noses on them .
they all gathered for the party that day . everyone laughed as they put on the glasses . he was very surprised and honored they all came together for him . she hung a little joke on the wall for him . the baby looked a little confused with everyone being so goofy .
this is a birthday card with a bright pink cake in the center . an older man wearing a cheap paper royalty hat . three blonde women standing up wearing clown noses , glasses and mustaches . halloween party or similar festivity with facial gadgets being worn by senior citizens , younger folks , and a kid attending indoors . a man laughing in front of people wearing fake glasses with big noses .
we celebrated [male] 's birthday . we made him a crown . we put on silly faces for pictures . [male] seemed to enjoy his birthday . [male] has a great sense of humor .
a card that simply reads , `` happy birthday , [male] ! '' a man wearing a religious garment on his head , poses for the camera . a group of lady friends are all wearing funny disguises a group of people are wearing glasses with mustaches man in the front smiling with 2 people in the background with groucho marx face memorabilia
we visited a local church that was being renovated this weekend . the building is fairly small but has lots of detail . we especially liked the front door , complete with antique key . the stained glass was also impressive . the interior looked like new , this was a great restoration and we will certainly visit again .
the lower left corner of a stained glass window . a stained glass window depicting a holy angel . a building in the middle of a beautiful garden image of the inside of a church that is made of gray brick . wrought iron details on a wooden gate , including a lock and knocker .
i had a great time at the church . there were many beautiful windows . it was a small building . the church was great . everything was very old .
partial section of large religious stained glass window . arched window with colorful religious stained glass display . a large brick house with a wooden roof is in the grass the church was set for study later on that day an old fashioned key , knocker , and hinge are attached to a wooden door .
i felt compelled to document these stained glass windows . here is the glass over the alter . this little church is not far from my house . my parent 's were married here long ago . even the door hardware is beautiful at this church .
a view of a medieval style stained glass window . a stained glass window depicting an angel with a harp . a red stone building stands in the middle of a well-kept lawn the inside of a church with no people an old wooden door with an old fashion key .
i was out on vacation last weekend . there were a ton of old buildings there . i had a great time . there was a huge lake as well . i had trouble reading some of the signs .
hey man in a black-and-white image standing in front of the seawall . the flag is flying high on the building . a wall painted with a unique theme including a window and face looking out . a couple of boats are out on a lake a road with dead trees on the side
we had all seen the pictures dad left behind . we had n't had the time to walk into location before , but my work trip gave us an opportunity . i remember dad talking about location in the loftiest of ways . he certainly took a lot of pictures . we saw a lot of graffiti when we came in , and we were sure to take a good inventory of it . dad had liked street art , but what he liked most of all was the water . we spent a lot of time taking pictures for posterity . location , after the street art and the water , really was a small town , unfortunately . i could n't see what he saw in it . i knew he 'd love the pictures though .
shadowy figure standing in a cliff area overlooking the sea . flag of [location] flying on top of a building graffiti is of a person looking through a window ships are sitting in a calm body of water with a cloudy sky . strange looking trees that are lining the road of a city
[male] knew his days were limited ; the drive to `` the middle of nowhere '' would not buy more time . he made it to location , and stopped , the cancer stripping his energy reserves . the town had a chic , artsy feel , that annoyed his self pity . but the lake and mountains in the distance provided just the solemn peace he needed . the next day , he hopped back on the open road , determined to die at home .
a person in a heavy coat stands against a rock wall overlooking the water . the swiss flag flying over a long stone building . a window is painted on the wall of the building . the beautiful scenery includes clouds and boats in the water a sign warning drivers to look out for pedestrians with a row of trees in the background .
we gathered at the neighbor 's to watch the fireworks . we all waited with anticipation for the show to begin . then the first firework started it 's upward climb . it lit up the dark sky with it 's colors . the cat was not too impressed though .
three men and a woman stand in a semi-circle talking and drinking . a group of people outside at night near lawn chairs a white couple wearing white shirts and glasses stand close . a woman carring a car light in the nighttime a small series of [male] candles fireworks are exploding out of a small can at night .
the friends were hanging out outside . they sat around talking . the couple took a picture . they then started playing with fireworks . soon they had a fountain going off .
a woman and three men socializing outside in the yard . male and female friends hanging out outside at night . a man has a white shirt and glasses is next to a women with a white shirt and glasses . a woman is walking away from the firework fireworks are exploding on the ground in various colors .
some friends get together for a night of fun and drinking . they all are having a great time and enjoying each others company . some of them pose for pictures together . as the night goes on the pull out some fire works and start to light them .
four people are standing in a backyard . two of them are drinking beer out of cans . a group of people outdoors at night with a set table and a chair . woman in white and man with glasses standing outside . the man is walking in the dusk with a rope while we sit around the fire , a light show goes on .
[male] was excited that his parents came to visit him . his parents had a great time on the coast . they all headed down to the water . and saw the tiny house where [male] lived . they also got to meet all of [male] 's friends .
people that are laughing while looking at an image and picture being taken an elderly couple dine together , laughing and enjoying the cool winter evening indoors . a very large , sandy beach with a small slice of water showing in the photo . many houses lined up of different colors , with wooden stairs . people standing outside in the grass on a rainy day .
some friends were gon na head down to the beach later this was the water sign that they saw each beach house was lined up by each other the friends decided to head back and have lunch instead it started to rain but it did n't ruin their day
a group of people seated together at a booth . a blurry picture of a woman laughing is being displayed . a serene beach on a cloudy , dull day a row of colorful houses line a street . several people in rain gear stand in a field .
my brothers and i went to the beach for a week and stayed in a very tiny house . it was tiny , but there was still room when our parents showed up and surprised us . even though the house was tiny , the beach beach seemed endless . the row of tiny houses , like the one we stayed in , seemed endless , too . can you believe all these people stayed in tiny beach house on the day it rained ?
young adults sitting in a booth enjoying themselves the man and woman are both happy and smiling . sand on the beach is tan with tracks on it near the ocean multiple houses all similar but painted differently to set them apart the group of people appear to be cold and huddled together for the photo .
location at night is a beautiful sight . really , it 's just a beautiful country . you can see koala bears , and rushing waterfalls , and even birds eating plants . the country is known for having the prettiest of beaches , so if you get the chance , check it out .
an artistically designed building at night with light reflecting off the water in front of it a small animal is climbing on a branch a couple poses for a photo in front of a large waterfall . a white parrot on the ground eating a flower . the coastline with empty path of stone and turbulent waters
this is one of the most beautiful cities i have ever seen . only here will you see koala bears climbing trees right in front of you . the land is gushing with fresh waters and healthy trees . flowers of all kinds are plentiful . watching the sunset by the water is a great ending to every day .
a scenic view of city lights behind a body of water . native animal reaching out to grab handful of favored type leafy plant for consumption . our trip to the falls made us very happy . a bird eating flowers to feed her baby . stone walkway along water 's edge in park like setting .
the trip to location was very fun . they saw a koala bear eating . there was a beautiful waterfall . some of the exotic birds were birds they had never seen before . they were happy to have gone on the long walk while they were on vacation .
the scene is taken from the waterfront in front of the [organization] [organization] [organization] . the koala was trying to climb up a tree couple posing in front of a waterfall as water runs by a white bird is chewing on an orange flower . a path near a grassy area that is near the water .
the walters are taking a cruise on this ship . today they rented a small paddle boat to come to the shore and enjoy the beach . they are collecting sea shells to save as souvenirs . other people chose to use kayaks and explore the waters . the ship then pulled into port a few days later for the end of the trip .
the large cruise ship is white , red , and blue short palm trees are scattered around a clean beach the water as clear as glass , showing the rocks under it . a man and a young boy are rowing a boat in the water . a boy and woman walking along a beach barefooted .
our boat docked in location location . the beaches were beautiful and we were ready for some sun . the water was crystal clear , perfect for snorkeling . we took the paddle boats out to explore . then we hunted on the beach for some shells to take home .
an enormous cruise ship leaving a port on a clear day . palm trees sway in the breeze while providing shade to vacationers on the beach . still water with a fish shadow and rock underneath a man and young boy are floating in the water on a small boat the mother and child walked the rock landscape
the cruise was a great vacation idea . there were excursions to the beach on a sunny day . the water was so clear you could see the bottom . paddleboating in the ocean was one of the most fun things to do . at the end of the day , walking the beaches in search of shells was relaxing .
a large cruise ship docked in still water , near a shoreline structure . beach scene complete with blue water , white sand and palm trees . a shadow seen on water covered colorful rocks . a dad and his son are bonding with each other . walking in the water at the beach by some rocks .
when i finished my work i went home and decided to relax . my dog was very happy to see me . i was also really happy to see him . i spent a few minutes hiking to the nearby waterfall . at night i went inside and started up the fireplace .
a man wearing a yellow shirt is seated on the chair a husky smiles up at the camera with a dorky grin . young man with a white fabric hat posing with a white and grey big dog . a waterfall is next to some green trees this picture simply shows a fire burning in a fireplace .
relaxing and listening to the sound of the birth , i love this feeling preparing food for the birthday party , it looks delicious cant wait to eat pretty eyes of my dog , looks scary but a good dog salad for dinner waiting for the rest of the guest to come before we eat water falls calming i cant wait to swim and relax
the man is sitting on a chair on the deck with his feet on the railing . a husky dog looking at the camera and smiling . man and yawning husky share a moment in living room . a beautiful waterfall among all the trees and bushes two logs are on fire in a fire place .
when [male] was staying at the cabin , all he wanted to do was relax . but , kobi , his dog , had other ideas . after some schmoozing , kobi was able to talk [male] into taking him for a hike . kobi and [male] saw a beautiful waterfall . then , they came home and snuggled up by the fireplace and took a nap .
a man relaxes with his feet up on the deck railing . a large blue-eyed dog looking up happily and joyfully . a man gives his dog a glare as the dog yawns . a waterfall flowing down a mountain surrounded by lots green trees . a warm fired made in a fire place with logs .
today we visited a famous historic church . the stained glass windows caught the sun perfectly . the altar was beautiful . it was so spacious inside . looking back , we could imagine it crowded with people in the pews .
a church is by a graveyard has a large steeple . the stained glass window depicts religious figures together . two stained glass windows depicting [male] scenes with haloed figures . the cathedral has an altar and a stained glass window . an old catholic church is now empty and without people
i had the privilege to go on a european vacation . while i was there i wanted to take tours of the great cathedrals . they had always fascinated me as a child . all the intricate work and designs all made by hand . needless to say i had a very wonderful vacation .
image of a historical monumental buidling on a bright and sunny day . a stained glass window displays a group of people eating dinner at a table a giant window has art work of people on it . an ornate altar in a church . behind are iconic paintings , and an elaborate arched stained glass window . there are two brass candlesticks on the altar , and four on the floor . inside a church there are ornate archways and wood ceilings .
the group went to visit the ancient church . they found stained glass depicting old biblical scenes . they even saw the birth of christ through the glass . the church was enormous and beautiful . they loved getting to see an ancient piece of history .
a graveyard and a large stone church in the countryside . view of a vertical stain glassed window with comprised of two panes . the stained glass windows in the church are pretty a large ornate window sits behind a table with candles . the interior of a church contains lots of custom woodwork .
[male] was a beautiful little girl who had many different talents and enjoyed life to the fullest . she loved to dance and frequently entered dance contests month after month at her dance teacher 's urging . she was loved very much by her parents and they loved her too . they also supported her every whim . ever since the day she was born , they doted over her and made it their lifes work to make sure she had a great childhood . i think fondly on her all these years later , that little girl who stole everyone 's heart and who always had a dance in her step and a smile on her face .
the young girls lays her head on the dog , a woman and a girl posing for a picture in the dark . a man is sleeping in a be with his young woman the family was around the new mother and baby two girls in leotards perform a dance on stage .
this is my daughter , [female] , posing with her dog , ramsey . as [female] rehearses for her upcoming recital , i 'm there to help her every step of the way . the morning of the dance recital , [female] sleeps in with her daddy . time to get up , sleepy head . people are lining up at the recital , hoping to get a good seat . there 's [female] dancing her little heart out . it 's such a proud moment .
girl lying up against a brown , white and black dog . a young girl dressed like a bee poses with a woman . a young girl leaning her head on a the chest of a man in a bed . a woman is proudly feeding a baby from a bottle while one looks at the baby and she has a tiny medicine cup in her hand . two young girls dressed up and dancing on stage .
the girl loves lots of things around her house , especially her dog . her mom is fun because she will dress up with her and practice dance moves . dad loves it when they nap together on the weekend . they also get to meet the newest family member this week and attend her dance recital . she is excited to perform for her family and the crowd that came to watch .
the girl is about to sleep with the family dog . mother and daughter posing for the camera together . a little girl is sleeping in bed with an older man . the woman is feeding the baby in her arms two young girls performing a dance on a stage .
dogs are smart , hairy little things . my girlfriend loves her 's . in fact , i think she might love it more than she loves me . she ertainly kisses it more . they need a lot of attention , and this one is getting no end of spoiling . look at this . laptime and naptime at the same time ! dog 's got it made . still , the dog ca n't take her to hockey games .
a group of people watch a hockey game at an indoor rink . a woman in a gray hoodie sitting beside a man in a blue jacket smiling for a picture . a man wearing a hat poses smiling with a woman . a man sleeping at a ice hockey game . .the stadium is packed for the hockey match
this place looks crowded . a happy couple is here . relaxing and having fun . he fell asleep . now everyone else is gone .
fans watching people and a car on a hockey rink . a man and woman wearing jackets smile for the camera a man and a woman lean close to each other inside of a stadium . a man in a brown sweater sleeping at a sporting event a stadium full of hockey fans in the stands and players on the ice .
our view of the hockey game ! staying warm and posing wit my man ! our friends came with . ca n't believe he fell asleep ! had fun at the game !
a crowd seated at an ice hockey game . a smiling couple dressed for winter posing for a photo . a man and a woman are very happy together a young man at a sporting event wearing a brown sweater over a blue shirt . spectators are watching an ice hockey game in an arena .
[female] began by looking at ancient masks . there were many different types of skulls . there were lists of mythical creatures . they saw inventions from different time periods finally they came upon a wagon from the old west .
the woman is looking at a collection of masks on the wall . a group of ancient human ancestor skulls next to a modern human 's a sign that is welcoming people into their exhibit . looking at all the items in the glass . an antique wagon on display inside a museum .
we went to a museum to see art and history of ancient humans . skulls were interesting . there were signs were people believed in big foot and sea serpents . the museum was interesting . there were also historical modes of transportation .
a woman looks at different masks on a wall . three skulls of varying sizes ordered from largest to smallest . a poster for tales of the cryptids on the ground . the people are looking at the artifacts behind the glass . a covered wagon is behind a barrier at night .
my family tree at the museum . that may or may not exist ? sooo ... .. ? very cool display of transportation through time . a covered wagon from the 1800 's . and this red guy was so adorable !
a woman looking at a collection of tribal masks on the wall three very different skulls are on display on a black surface . a top view of a book about mythical creatures . three people standing in a store looking at the products an old traveling wagon that is on display .
the concert begins . the band takes the stage . they are totally psyched . it is gon na be awesome . everyone has a great time .
far away view of band on stage in dark venue . a man wearing a blue jeans is standing beside a music instrument a young man snarls while giving a double curse with his fingers . man gives two thumbs up in leather jacket and grimace . a man plays a trumpet in a dark venue .
the concert last weekend was amazing . there were so many bands there . all of my friends had a great time . we really enjoyed the music that was playing . after a while it got too dark so we decided to head back home .
a musical performance in front of a live audience . a group of people are performing on a stage . a young man posing for a picture while making signs with his fingers . a man is kneeling , grinning , and giving the thumbs up . people performing on stage in a club of some sort
last night i attended a concert . it was really cool . everybody showed much love . they really enjoyed the concert and gave their thumbs up . the lighting changed colors adding to the effect .
the stage is lit up red formthe band performing . two men working in the dark preparing for tonight 's event . the man is flashing devil horns with his hands a man wearing a black leather jacket , blue jeans and a brown shirt is giving the `` thumbs up '' . a trumpeter plays in front of an audience under green lights .
i went to a friends house for dinner . she had fish . i brought fruit salad . he daughter made a cheesecake . her spouse made macaroni .
woman in blue shirt with a laptop on her lap sitting with three friends these fresh fish were cooked with some skill . a pasta salad with lettuce and small tomatoes strawberries and pineapples are cut up into slices on the white plate . deliciously make pie with blueberries , strawberries and kiwi .
the food for the party turned out perfectly ! not sure i would like these , but they were so good ! a fresh fruit salad . it was beautiful , healthy , and delicious . this tart was so delicious . i could have eaten the whole thing . another favorite was this pasta salad . i need the recipe for it now !
three white women staring at another white woman that is talking . a plate of food on a white plate with utensils . the pasta on the plate is mixed with vegetables . a large display of fruit on a plate with spoon the pie is topped with strawberries , blueberries and some kiwi fruits .
having a get together with some friends . we are having lunch and it starts with fish . there is also macaroni salad and it looks delicious . a mango strawberry salad will be a great desert . there might not be any room left for this lovely desert .
gathering of adult women sitting in living room of residence . a bunch of fish are on a plate with two forks . a tasty and colorful pasta is gon na be devoured . white platter filled with cut strawberries and pineapples a yummy looking pie with strawberries and blueberries .
having the family over for christmas was great . even the dog got a stocking . we got some quality family photos . people came i have n't seen in years . the kids had a blast .
man in glasses with mustache holding a kid on his shoulders . the dog with black fur was snuggling up to the bear stocking . four people in a family sitting on a black couch . three older woman pose for a picture on a couch . little boy playing with a magnifying glass beside his father
the family was together to celebrate [male] 's birthday . the dog was even celebrating . the family sat down to take a picture . all the aunts also wanted to have their picture taken . [male] played with all his new toys .
the man has a young boy on his shoulders . the dog is protecting his stuffed dog christmas stocking . a family with a mom and dad and two little boys pose for a picture . three older women sitting on a black leather couch . an adult sitting near a child using a magnifying glass .
me and my brother christmas morning ! even the dog got a stocking ! dad was n't ready for the day ! dressed for pictures after breakfast . grandma and grandpa visited !
a man holding his son on his shoulders . black dog lying on the floor with a toy near by two young children sitting on a couch with a man and woman three older women sitting on a couch posing for a photo . kid closely examining a piece of paper with his magnifying glass .
`` i finally made it to my vacation ! '' [female] thought as she pulled up to her beach house . `` could this be anymore perfect ? '' she asked her husband , as they put their feet into the sand . `` and the water , it 's so clear ! '' she could n't believe it , that this place could be real . later the two of them went out for a romantic sale . `` oh no the clouds are coming in ! '' she said , seeing a big cloud come , `` let 's get inside ! ''
a beautiful beach scene is shown with blue water and palm trees . a quaint thatched roof hut provides shelter from the sun and sand . blue green ocean water races towards the beach . a sailboat that is floating in the ocean . sunlight coming through clouds with a silhouette of a hill in the foreground .
[female] and [male] celebrated their fiftieth wedding anniversary by taking a dream vacation . for ten days , they lived right on the beach in the most beautiful of locales . the sounds of the ocean serenaded them day and night . when they were n't swimming or sunbathing , [female] and [male] enjoyed exploring in a sailboat . this vacation was a dream come true and a wonderful way for them to celebrate fifty years of marriage .
choppy waves come to shore at a resort beach . an image of a beach with a hut on it white choppy waves wash toward the shore of a beach . people in a sailboat going toward the shore . behind the large clouds the sun was still shining .
went on vacation location . stayed in a beautiful beach hut . the water was warm and beautiful . went sailing right after sunset . woke up to the sun rising above the mountains .
palm trees are by green chairs on the beach near the water . thatched roof hut on the beach surrounded by palm trees an ocean wave crashes down in clear water a rainbow colored sailboat is sailing on the sea . sun shining through a group of clouds on an island .
my friends and i went out to eat last night . we had to take the subway to the restaurant . the walking to the establishment was long . there were so many people on the streets . i was happy and hungry to get there .
people carrying shoulder bags walking on pavement in a street a group of people that are waiting for the train . the brightly lit city of an asian country people trying to get around the large crowds in the city . a woman in a white skirt working at a store
i spent most of my day walking around downtown . i stopped by a restaurant to grab something to eat . after that i got back to walking . i saw a lot of big screens in the city . they were all showing advertisements .
a group of people that are walking on the road . people standing a train station in front of a speeding train signs in a city are lit up at night in neon people are walking on the street and sidewalk at night a lady stands in the back of the shop .
we arrived in location location and quickly headed down the stairs . we wanted to jump on the subway and head to the city center . we arrived and were amazed at the beautiful nature of the location . and , we joined in the hustling crowds and started walking . we reached our hotel and were happy to check in and rest and experience location location tomorrow .
all of the people are walking down the street at night . asian men and women are waiting alongside the subway for the next available car . downtown area with many signs for businesses lit up at night . people moving quickly along a very busy street . a woman stands at a counter at the end of a kitchen .
i went to a local concert today to support a small town band . i like them and have their first two albums . [male] is the lead singer , i went to high school with him . my buddy [male] is on the drums . he has a killer drum set !
band playing on a dark stage with a yellow light three men stand on stage playing instruments and singing together . a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone while two men play guitars in the background . man in green shirt sitting behind drum kit . the drummer was ready to rock that night
i went to a concert last night . the band playing was jamming a good tune . the singer of the other band was great . the men on the drum set were very talented . i felt very entertained by this band .
one person is playing a guitar while another smokes some substance . a group of people that are playing on the stage . the band is playing while the lead signer stands in front . a band with a drummer and guitarists playing this appears to be a image of a drummer on stage .
the band was playing their first concert . the lead singer had never been in front of a crown before . the background singer sang his best . the bass player kept the jam going . everyone in the band had fun at their first concert .
a singer and his guitarist perform on stage . three men on stage performing music with guitars and singing a man standing singing in a band with two men playing guitars in the back . a drummer in a band performing a song a drummer is playing a set of [organization] drums on stage .
a very unique parade is taking place in town today . lots of creative floats and costumes are included in the parade . how do people even come up with these outfits ? for example , this is a flock of peacock chicks and they are all following a giant peacock float . look at this peacock float . where do these ideas come from ?
a man walks in front of a statute on a vehicle . a floating globe balloon is flying over a person trying to hold onto its tether while in the street . a crowd of people with umbrellas are rollerskating in the street . people in costumes are walking across the street a sculpture or parade float that looks like a peacock .
the earth day parade was in full swing . people on roller skates performed a cool routine . tribal drummers entertained the crowd . the local dance school had many troops performing . custom made floats were artistic and cool .
a large silver statue on a truck leading a parade . a blue and green ball hands in the air with streamers all over it . people roller skating down a road holding umbrellas a bunch of kids in costume are putting on a performance . a large street art svulpture of a peacock .
we went to the local parade to day and saw all the cool floats . this giant globe definitely caught my eye . my uncles was a part of this one on the rollerskates ! dont fall ! these nymphs were adorable . these giant peacocks were my favorite of the parade . loved this one .
a parade float of a flying silver angel drives down a city street . a man is standing underneath a giant blue orb people are marching ina parade with umbrellas during the day little girls wearing flower and leaf costumes outside a parade float made to look like a giant peacock .
we all went camping last weekend . i invited all of my friends . we saw a lot of beautiful plants there . we ate some of them . we brought a lot of equipment with us .
a man that is hauling gear for the trail . a young woman wearing a backpack smiles while wearing sunglasses . one of the calmest days ever on the lake that summer two people in jackets making food in the outdoors . a person laying on the ground with various cups surrounding them .
we were packed and ready for the family vacation . everyone was excited about the hike up . we found the most beautiful spot . the campsite started to take shape once supper was being fixed . it was an exhausting but fun day .
a young man is getting ready to leave for a camping trip with all of his supplies . a woman with a fully loaded back pack in a nature park . a large beautiful stream surrounded by vegetation . couple camping outdoors in a wooded area in front of a lake a person that is laying down on a mat with a cloth on their face .
all my bags are pack and ready to go for hiking . my honey is taking a selfie on our way to the site . me in the background what a nice and beautiful place to go . i want to go swimming . nice job hon , we have plenty for our dinner . wait are we saving something for tomorrow , we 're here for 3 more days right ? oh snap , i am tired . need to take a nap for a long hike tomorrow .
a man is packing his bag in the trunk of the vehicle . woman with large backpack takes picture of herself . the water is calm and the forest is empty at the time . two peopl in the picture seated during ameal at night in the forest a person that is laying on the ground .
this is an art show in location that is attended by thousands . there are a lot of handmade items for sale . this nice detail was carved by hand from a tree trunk . an 80 year old woman made this shortly before she died . her daughter also found this tucked away and brought it to the show .
an assortment of gold and copper colored utensils . a coffee vessel with ornamental gold detail on the lid and the middle decorative leafy carving on the side of a frame a necklace is decorated with many gold charms lovely hand beaded item of clothing , usually a saari , worn by hindu women for a celebration .
we were so excited to be visiting location . we visited a local tea house and decided to stop for a drink . the tea pot began whistling loudly as we excitedly waited for it to be done brewing . the tea was absolutely delicious , i finished my cup in no time at all . we bought some intricate fabric as a souvenir before leaving the tea house . it was an amazing adventure .
the cups are on a gold platter with saucers a gold kettle top with an intricate design around the base . wooden sculpture with wooden leaves resting on a red cloth . a yellow heart made of cloth with a smaller white inner heart decorated with gold beads ; all placed on a red cloth . fancy stitching is on a piece of burgundy cloth .
a family stops at an upscale restuarant . they are greeted with lots of silverware they have never seen before . the chairs are beautifully carved . on each chair , there is a leaf pillow . when they leave , they are all given a hat as a thank you .
ornate gold toned cups and saucers are sitting on a gold toned tray . a gold color object with a spout on the top . a leaf-shaped adornment is on a cylindrical object . a decorative fabric leaf with sequins and gold coins sewn to it . the embroidery on the dark red fabric is detailed and multicolored .
such a great tradition . so many years . such a catharsis . i love the symbolism . it was a wonderful experience .
illuminating reflection of lights on the waters surface lanterns were set adrift on the water in remembrance . people admiring a lake during a special event . a city that has a blue sky and a river a clock tower can be seen over tall trees .
the water was so calm this morning . the festival brought out a lot of nice people . aunt [female] started singing old folk songs . the city lit up when the sun went down . the morning after , we went for a picnic in the park .
still lake showing the reflection of houses and other structures a large group of people gathered around some water with lights . a bunch of women are looking into a small lake a group of people are gathered near a tent by the water a clock tower next to a city building behind a tree .
the skyline reflected in the water was pretty , but i 'm not great at nighttime photos . here is the gang of us all together at the water 's edge . too dark to see us clearly . this is a closer shot of the guests of honor for our reunion . the skyline in the early evening is the best shot i took all weekend . this is one of the few daytime pictures i have of the city where our reunion was held . i called the clock `` little [male] . ''
some kind of bird swimming on water in the night a large crowd of people at night standing outside by a large body of water with several floating paper lanterns . people standing along pier looking into water crowd of people stand near edge of water with arched structure at dusk . the clock tower is lit with the days sunlight .
the couple headed to the harbor to grab their boat . they took it out for a new adventure . the left their home behind for the day and headed out . the found a little island and docked the boat . they spent the day exploring this new island .
the boat on the water has the sail on the mast a seaside community is on the shore of a calm sea . people gathered together talking outside of a church the trees are few inches apart from each other the boats are all parked in the harbor by the docks .
some people ride a sail boat in their new country , . they stop to take in the scenery . then , they stop to see some church . after , they decide to walk through the forest . hours later , they go back to the docks to lock up their boat .
a boat that is sailing across the body of water . a coastline off of a waterway underneath some clouds an image of people gathered outside a tall brown building two trees stand in a forest in the midafternoon sun . a harbor that has many different kinds of boats docked in it .
i enjoyed a summer vacation on the bay . there were cute little houses along the bay . this building was adorable . i enjoyed walking in the woods every morning . the marina was another fun place to visit and i liked to sit at a cafe that served the best coffee .
a sailboat is pictured in the middle of a body of water as a green landscape sits in the background . the vast blue ocean is calm along the grassy hills , divided by a series of beautiful , regal white houses . large brick building with ornate windows and decorative entryway . a trail with a group of trees are shown . this is a harbor in front of a port city
a town was having a festival . there were some humorous parade floats . people were walking about , seeing the sights . everyone was having a great time . a band was also playing .
a coulorful celebration in the main streets with lots of people a group of young men dress as wonder woman and ride in the back of a truck . the large crowd gathers in the streets for a festival . a group of people gather together for a festival people playing music with drums and their faces are colored
today was the [female] pride parade . wonder woman must have a lot of sisters . the drum line was awesome . the floats were spectacular . three cheers for the same sex marriage ruling by the supreme court !
the bright colors were pleasing to the crowds as they passed . they all posed for a picture in the back of the truck . the street is crowded with tourists walking around . a crowd of people dressed for hot weather are gathered on a tropical beach . the people are all dressed up and carrying drums
the race was great . a lot of characters were represented . the crowds grew . the sun was out and it was beautiful . the dummers drummed along .
a group of people that are walking on the street . mentally addled inebriated men dressed up in costume as wonder woman a large group of people are walking down a stone road . people outside getting dirty and partying on a sunny day . several young people are outside with percussion instruments
the lovely couple took a photo in their new place together . he gazes off into the sunset while someone snaps a photo ! we are just sitting out here talking about our day . he leaned up against the crate and annoyingly took a picture . he decided to take a picture for his first day at his new job !
i a relaxed sitting in my husband lapp having a conversation this guy seems to be involved in a serious discussion with someone . the couple is thinking and they both wearing sun glasses a man leaning wearing glasses and with long brown hair leans on a machines while looking forward at the camera a black and white picture of a man wearing a white shirt and glasses .
[female] and clark are sitting together . [male] is checking out some live music . [male] meets up with his friend [female] . then they see [male] their other friend checking out some live music too . they ask their friend toby to pose for a picture .
a woman sitting in the lap of a man who is sitting down in a chair a man with long hair has glasses on his face . the people are sitting next to each other . a man with a headband has a small smile on his face . the man in the white shirt leans on a rock wall .
a day in the life of me . i wanted to put together some pictures of me . oh , the crazy days when my hair was long . i was on a picnic here just relaxing in the sun . this is my wife and we are at a famous rock that we hiked to . yes , that 's me i 'm small . this is my 60 's days . i thought i was awesome working at that gas station .
young couple sit together in chair next to vase of flowers on small table . a man with glasses that is looking into the sky . a man with a woman in a black and white photo wearing shades . deranged hippy with bandana lazily leans on old gas pump . the man wearing glasses leans against a wall .
okay pooch , i 've got a blind date tonight . how do i look ? here comes your blind date , and if i say so myself , i did good , did n't i ? oh my gosh ! [male] you 're my blind date ? oh no ! [female] never gave me a last name . all she said was [female] ! well at least we know each other , and there 's nothing like having a date with your next door neighbor !
the man is laughing while the woman looks away . two women sitting down together at a restaurant table . young couple sitting at table having social interaction . a man with glasses is happy to see a cake . the couple is sitting at the table eating dessert .
it is this man 's birthday and his friends decided to take him out to celebrate . they smile for the camera because they have a surprise for him . the one friend is slightly annoyed because his cake did not come out yet . when his cake comes out he is very excited . they all smile because their surprise is complete .
two asian friends laugh as they talk in a room . young women enjoying time before a meal at indoor restaurant . a man and a woman smiling at each other . a man celebrating with a scoop of ice cream and a serving of cake topped with a candle . a man and a woman are sitting at a table in a room , a water glass is siting in front of the woman
hanging out with my friends this past tuesday was fun . my girlfriend and her sister met me at my apartment to hang out . we told a lot of funny stories about each other . during the middle of their visit , they surprised me with a birthday cake . suffice it to say , i was extremely happy .
a young man standing against the wall smiling two women have menus and are sitting at a restaurant table . woman reacting nonverbally to man talking to her a man being surprised with his friends after receiving a special desert . the two people are enjoying their time together .
the boys caught in mid air jumping off the old bridge . [male] got the highest of any of the jumpers . the town hall looked really cool with the clouds and lighting . mom sitting down to get some coffee . our canoe sitting in the driveway ready to be loaded onto the car .
this has two males jumping off the cliff into the water kid jumping of a ledge into a pond a quiet street with a brick building and clock tower . the older woman is enjoying a smoke and cup of coffee . the interior of a red canoe on land with two oars .
my friends and i went on a vacation at a water cabin . we jumped into the water and made great splashes ! there were also historical buildings near by . i also had lunch with my mother . later , we went on a boat ride in the river .
a family goofs off in a man-made body of water . a man is jumping from a dock or bridge into a river or lake . behind him in the background is a lush , green forest . a lovely brick building on the street with a clock tower on top . sitting with a cigarette and enjoying a cup of coffee a red canoe with paddles sitting on the ground near a pier and water .
these kids are jumping in the water . this lake is where they swim during the summer . many of the townspeople hang out at this lake . mom is glad her kids are leaving her alone for once . after going for a swim they decide to take a rowboat out .
a group of people enjoy the water and jump into it a man in a bathing suit jumping into a river . the church is primarily made of red brick with a stone clock tower rising above it . woman in green shirt and baseball cap having cigarette and coffee . a red canoe with two paddles on the concrete .
after riding the tram for 15 minutes i finally arrived at my destination . i still had to walk a few blocks and i saw this dog on a bench . in a couple minutes i did arrive . there were already people there . i stayed there well into the night .
a red tram car is attatched to the top of a bridge a statue of a man with a bat stands in front of a stadium . a red and yellow trolley filled with people stopped on the street . the water is choppy as the boats race each other . sign board for a national park in the [location] [location] .
we rode in to town on the trolly , no fuss , no mess . our dogs were with us , tired after a long day of sleeping , apparently . we took a few hours to see some star wars films , as pictured here . the family ! it was almost night by now , but the artificial lights were strong . the harvest moon ... the perfect sight on which to end the most beautiful day .
a hanging tramway car in red moves over drop . people enter the baseball park on star wars night . a red cable car that is on the tracks . a huge lake with many people enjoying the weather out on their boats . a sign depicting the headquarters of the [location] [location] national park .
there are many interesting things to do in my home town , like riding the monorail . we have a baseball field which is a big attraction . tourists like to ride the cable cars . every year there 's a huge boat race . most popular of all is the location location !
a picture of a red tram suspended from above people are entering a baseball park because it is star wars night , per the large entrance sign . a trolley carries people past a jewelry store . several boats all sailing in the same direction the sign indicates that this is a national park .
we arrived and saw a classic ship stuck on the hard ice . the architecture was one of the best parts of this town . it was nice to see the olde world and the windmills from centuries ago . this was the place where important townspeople lived many years ago . we celebrated with a traditional fire ceremony with the townspeople .
a very tall building that has been designed by an expert . a ship is sitting on the snowy bank of a river a tall statue of men covered in snow on a very cold day , amid a fresh fallen snow stood an old windmill . people are gathered on a snowy day around a large fire
the virus was wrecking havoc on our city and we turned to god for help . someone suggested the virus was brought by the men on the strange boat that had recently docked . some continued to pray at whatever cross they found . others met at the windmill to discuss the matter . it was decided that the strangers had to go , so we formed an angry mob .
the over cast day brings out lots of people to the castle . the boat is stuck in the ice and snow on the harbor . a snow covered sculpture behind a gate with people in front of it . a windmill surrounded by a fence in a snowy field . a large crowd of people watching a fire .
someone has traveled to the town center for an event . they take some memorable photos of a snow-covered boat as well as a statue in the town square and a picturesque windmill . everyone then gathers for a town bonfire event .
a majestic church is photographed , as it is partially covered with snow . a boat that is docked in the snow a monument stands covered in snow as tourists take photographs . a windmill that is in the middle of nowhere . a group of people stand in the snow around a fire .
we decided to take a day off with the family to see a model of the city . we were able to ride on a ferris wheel before we went . it was now finally time to go see . we were presented with a blue coin for entrance . we finally were able to see the play model of the city .
the road is fitte by two metallic fences on oposite direction picture of a lighted carnival ride against the night sky . a downhill view from an escalator in a building . close up image of a blue plastic token in a human hand . a model of a city , showing housing areas , a large highway , and some green space .
i recently took a trip to the big city . i was excited to ride the ferris wheel at night . after the ferris wheel i went down the stairs to the tram . i purchased a coin to ride the train . i then went to the wall and read the graffiti until it was time to get on the train .
the long scaffolding is high above the city on a dark and dreary day . a [organization] wheel that is standing up high on a land . a view from the top going down on an escalator . a person is holding a small blue token an animation of a city has fake buildings and cars on the road .
perspective affects the mood of your photograph . this ferris wheel could be huge ; for perspective , bring more of the adjacent building into your photo . you could indicate motion on this escalator . with a close-up , even a small token appears large . the city looks like a model from the air .
a chain link fence lines a concrete walk way . a pink-lit ferris wheel is pictured in an evening setting . an escalator opens to a doorway of a shopping mall midway . a blue disk with the letter k on it . a tiny model city with highways and roads
several people attended a street fair today . there were lots of exhibits to see and things to do . elaborate decorations were everywhere . there were even authentic demonstrations being put on . people had fun with all of the events of the day .
many people are standing near small overhead coverings and some buildings . two people approaching a trailer with some sort of dwelling built on it . a small fair where people are gathering for information . the indian is participating in a sacred ceremony . a group of people are listening to music in a parking lot
the festival was just starting up and people were coming in . there was even a fortune tellers booth there . the kids even had something to keep them busy too . a native american dances to the music . some fans rock out during the sound check .
a group of spectators at a public event . two people are approaching an old wooden vendors truck . a large costume head that looks like a tiger a woman dressed in native american attire playing a drum . a group of individuals are dancing to the music .
my son wanted to go out to the farmer 's market today . i took him to get a wristband first . there were a lot of neat things to look at at the market . the dj played a song about fruits and vegetables . my son had fun at the market and wants to go again .
in the distance there are large buildings and a few street vendors while up close a lot of people are milling about . two people are looking at a gypsy wagon in a park . people in park at a fair with a large orange , painted paper tiger in center a person performing in an indian outfit in the sun . this picture is of a sound stage crew preparing for a performance .
just the girls getting together celebrating a friends last night as a single woman in this fun bridal shower . sharing some great laughs before dinner . watching this eye catching chef cook our food with this enormous flame . cheese ... this is my bridal shower . the girls hanging out and dancing to some music .
the four ladies are posing for the photographer . a woman that is smiling next to the people . a chef works in a kitchen with a large open flame . a pretty young woman is wearing a sash that says , `` bride , '' and wearing a bridal veil . four girls dressed up , one is covering her ears .
it 's girls night out on the town and they are having a blast . this girl just bought something was majorly funny . the chefs have fired up the grill and plan to make an amazing dinner . the bride to be is excited after dinner as its her time to shine . the ladies are all packed after dinner and ready for a crazy night out .
several female friends are posing together at a party , read for fun . a group of ladies are sitting together and the one in the middle is laughing . a captured moment of a large flame stretching from a flat top cooking surface . a bride with a sash is smiling at the camera . a group of women are laughing and talking during a party .
the happy faces of woman when they get together to surprise their friend or family member in her bridal shower . this is the joy of laughter when the woman came together and let it all hang out . they held the shower at a japanese restaurant , and the woman gathered around to see the chef at work and play . they made sure to take a picture of the bride to be with an exuberant smile on her face . the fun and games continued and brought much joy and laughter to all the woman who attended .
a group of friends are pictured together at a restaurant . a person is laughing very hard and is happy . the chef was spectacular tonight in the kitchen the flames were great . an image of a woman that is wearing a bridal veil . several people are at an indoor entertainment venue .
i held a party at my apartment today . many of my friends and family arrived . we took the time to make some food together . we even had some brewed beer to serve . overall , everyone had an amazing day .
five girls in a kitchen standing together between counters . people are in a living room hanging out and being social the men are warming up their tortillas on the flame people are holding a blender so it would n't open while blending three people are dancing to to the radio in a living room setting .
we were ready for our annual get together . a lot if friends showed up . the food was prepared . the drinks were mixed . then we danced the night away .
a group of girls in the kitchen pose together for silly photo . people gathered in a living room with a wood floor . the men are cooking tortilla shells on the stove eyes in the kitchen . two people are using the blender to mix a drink . a group of people dancing in their house .
friends having fun at the party . dancing in the living room . then they prepared a snack . and blended drinks . and they went back dancing .
a group of 5 women pose together in a kitchen . a group of people are inside of a house . two men cooking tortillas on the burners of a stove . two people using a mixer in kitchen man standing next to two others in a room .
we were very excited to join mom and dad on a family trip to location . dad was very proud of his new souvenir t-shirt that he picked up . it was a beautiful autumn day as we took a stroll by the water in the park . the beautiful art and architecture was on full display on our autumn stroll . we celebrated our adventure with a nice glass of wine at the end of the day .
man and woman pose for selfie outside in graveyard , and they smile . a blond man is holding a grey t-shirt that has the image of a bicycle and the words `` [location] '' and `` [location] '' on it . scenic picture of a statue in a park . the capitol in the background with statue in foreground the three people at the table are holding up full champagne flutes .
location had many different sites . the couple took a picture in front of one of them . they bought a bottle of champagne to celebrate later . they drank it later that night with friends . they also had food with their wine .
a couple takes a picture together outside of a park . a blonde haired man holds a t-shirt in front of his chest . the pond is in front of a statue and surrounding by flowers . a green statue in front of a park and a building . a family sits and eats dinner at the wooden table .
the man and his wife are touring the city . the man wants to know if he looks good in the shirt . they decide to walk along the river . there are many different statues to look at . at the end of the day they sit down and have dinner with their daughter .
the couple are standing together in front of the building . the man is tryimg a t shirt on and posing for a picture a river with flowers and stone decorations on either side a statue of a male figure in front of a building with a classical dome . a family poses with champagne glasses during a meal .
such a wonderful place to be ! this design looks just amazing ! so much beauty in one picture ! this was a great place to park ! what a gorgeous design !
the back window of the car features a mountain landscape scene . a colorful building with a wall of different designed tiles and a marquis . a van lit up brightly stands in front of a darkened building . the screens of [location] [location] are lit up at night . a city skyline is pictured at night overlooking a body of water .
the back window of this van was an amazing way to start our sight seeing . here we are traveling through the city streets . these lights were even more impressive close up . so much activity in the city at night time . this pictures speaks volumes on how our trip turned out .
the back of the van has an image of a mountain range on the window . the lights from the building light up the streets . a van full of lights under a tall building the city street is busy with lots of neon signs . large city builings are hit up over a harbor .
last night my friend and i went on a tour of location location . there was beautiful artwork everywhere . there were even lighted art pieces littering the streets . the lights of the big city were dizzying . i love location location .
the back windshield of this car has a mountain scene . a building with steps going up to the entrance . an illuminated van is parked in a curious location at night . many neon signs are all lit up int this city . a large city skyline is seen reflecting in a body of water .
i am preparing for my camping trip . first , i air out the tents in my backyard . everything is cool . i am ready to go . my buddies and i walk up the trail . it is quite a hike and after a few hours , you get really tired . the journey continues as we climb higher and higher . we make it to the top !
the tents are set up for people to stay the night . the man is holding a glass and signalling a thumbs up . a group of hikers walk down a dirt trail . the two people are climbing up the rocks there is no image on the screen to describe , it is blank .
the entire family went out on a hike today . it was a long journey . we saw awesome views . almost to our destination . everybody was tired but happy at the end .
the three tents were place on the grass in front of a parking lot . a middle-age man sitting in a lounge chair , with a mostly-drunk glass of beer . the hikers were going to group together to get amazing shots of the scenery up ahead . hikers are almost to the top of this mountain . a group of five people on top of a mountain
here is the crew on the summit of kilimanjaro the long trail to the next summit beautiful views along the way . the alpine tundra is very tiny and fragile . on the summit of location at last !
tents set up on the grass near a parking lot and building a guy sitting down and smiling who is very drunkl a small group hike along a trail in rolling rolls several mountains stand tall with the weight of hikers standing in a path beneath cloudless skies . people are standing on top of a large rock on a mountain
its my 18th birthday and look at the beautiful cake they gave me with my name and everything . i made a wish and blew out the candles like they wanted even though i got a little embarrassed when they all sang happy birthday to me . imagine my surprise when i opened my birthday present and got just what i wished for . i was so happy that i just ignored every body in the room once i got my hands on that guitar . i am still learning on the guitar but this made my 18th birthday the most memorable ever and i could not feel more blessed to have loved ones who would do this for me .
a white cake with purple and yellow decorations celebrates a young woman 's 18th birthday . a woman in a green shirt is lighting the candles on a birthday cake . a girl blowing out candles that are shaped like a one and an eight . a woman playing the guitar at the counter a young woman in a green shirt sits in a stuffed chair playing an acoustic guitar .
my birthday was a lot of fun this year . i got my own cake and everything . i blew out my candles and made a wish . after , i played my guitar for everyone there . they were requesting songs and i would try to make them my own . everyone cheered me on as i performed .
a birthday cake was made for a girl 's 18th birthday . woman in green long sleeve shirt lighting candles on a birthday cake . a woman blowing out the candles on her birthday cake . a woman with an acoustic guitar plays music to a cake . the lady is sitting with a guitar in her hands .
today is the day that my daughter officially is an adult . she is lighting the candles on the 18th birthday cake . she is blowing out her candles , and making a wish . as a special treat , she plays a song that she created on her guitar . she loves playing on her guiter .
a birthday cake that is celebrating somebody 's 18th birthday . woman sits at table lighting candles on birthday cake . a woman that is blowing into the fiery candle . woman playing guitar while sitting at table during birthday celebration . a woman sitting down playing a string guitar .
our dog loves our outings . he loved the walk on the beach . this part was a bit treacherous for him , but he endured . he enjoyed taking a break here . we both enjoyed the view .
a dog licks his nose as he sits on a car seat . a sign attached to a post warning people not to park there logs of trees lies on the gray rocky surface a woman walks her dog on a cloudy day at the beach . she sat happily with her dog as the picture was taken .
the dog was licking its lips when it saw the sign near the beach . the water was calm and the dog looked out into the water .
a brown and white dog is sitting on the back seat of a car a sign is posted on a poll that alerts people to pedestrians crossing and no parking . a rock structure is on a beach filled with rocks . a person and their dog stand on a gloomy , foggy beach . a woman holds her pet dog in a beach place
the dog was enjoying his time of solitude . and so was his master on the beach . it seemed as if the place was completely isolated . eventually the dog and his master reunited and relaxed . it was a beautiful place of serenity .
a cute dog licking his chops during a car ride . the sign on the poll tells people parking is not allowed . driftwood logs are strewn across a rocky beach that is surrounded by trees . a single person standing on the sand surrounded by water . a woman seated on a driftwood log is holding a small white dog with brown and black facial markings .
the presidency has had a history of first dogs . president obama 's family purchased a dog named bo . [female] was [male] ford 's companion during his short tenure . checkers stood by nixon 's side through thick and thin . [female] and [male] were the dogs of president [female] .
a man in a striped shirt holds a baby . a white woman is holding a small baby . a woman and man posing for a picture with baby from opposite ends , two people cradle a baby with their hands an infant in a dress and sweater sleeping for a picture .
we took so many pictures of our newborn baby . she is very adorable . we are so happy to have a child . we love her very much . we want to have another one soon .
a man in a striped shirt holding a new born baby . the lady holding the baby and smiling at the same time two people that are posing with their new baby the picture shows the baby being held by two sets of hands at the front and back . a photo of a baby wearing a dress .
[male] is a first time parent . his wife [female] is as well . this is their family . little location was such a good baby . she slept through most of the photo shoot .
a man that is holding up a baby boy . a woman is holding a baby and smiling at it . a man , woman and baby lying down posing . a sleeping baby with 2 sets of hands underneath holding it a young baby girl is sleeping on the floor .
i 'm really not sure which house i want to buy . this one has a very lovely color . but this one is so rustic and i like that . this one is very charming as well . it 's very hard to decide . my friend showed me this one recently and i think it looks nice too . i think i 'm just going to buy this castle instead .
a fence surrounds a plot in this graveyard scene . yellow house with interesting porch sits in fall . a covered walkway adorned with arches and columns connects two corridors of an old stone building . a row of small businesses in a small town . a very interesting building shines in the sun .
our early morning tour began at the towns graveyard . the first house we toured was a beautiful victorian yellow house . from there we were able to tour the oldest church in the town . the old pub and boarding house had a lot of unexpected character . we ended the day back at our lovely little bed and breakfast .
old cemetery area featuring rusted iron fence in daytime . an old victorian style home is painted in yellow . a gigantic building is in front of a green field the facade of a two story wooden building . the top half of a house with ornate carving and decoration .
just got my real estate license and i have been tasked at selling all the older victorian houses . this is my first one on the market . the second house i am trying to sell is actually the newest of all the old victorian homes . this one dates back to 1922 this on is very quaint for a smaller family looking to open a bed and breakfast . this home is the best value starting bids at $ 300,000 . and this final home on my list is the oldest home . almost has a feel of a castle . it dates back to 1893
an old cemetery with an old , broken , rusty or wooden fence . a large yellow house is pictured in a winter setting with barren trees . a ground level shot of an old stone religious building . a brick building is accented by green windows a house with intricate designs on the exterior .
living in this neighborhood for years , we have had fires nearby that have threatened our home in the past . this fire is so intense that this time we had to evacuate . what do we take that can not be replaced besides our loved ones and pets ? due to the intensity of the situation we must think quickly . thank god help is finally here ! my family is so grateful that with all these fireman have to deal with , they are here to help save our home .
wild fires are extremely devastating to a forest and community . a blazing red forest fire that is on a tree the sky is covered in a red fog . the lights in the vehicles are bright in the night emergency personnel gathered along the side of the road in the dark .
there was a bright ball off in the distance . we wondered what it could be . the orange glow began to grow . our hearts started to beat faster . in an instance we knew it was a forest fire . the orange glow and smoke took over the sky . we began to see flames leaping up over the trees . sirens could be heard off in the distance . as we hoped and prayed that everyone was okay , the fire trucks were clearly on their way to fight this amazing fire .
a night scene of trees lit in orange color by a fire . silhouette of trees with background of orange and yellow . a forest is on fire at nighttime burning orange the trucks are pulled over on the side of the road . a couple of trucks on the side of the road .
a wildfire is burning in the forest . the flames keep getting higher as it spreads . it is really getting out of hand someone better get here quick or it could really get out of control . help finally arrives as the fire truck is here . the firefighters are preparing to fight the wildfire in the forest .
a wild fire burning in the forest at night . a fire is burning orange and yellow in a forest at night large fire in the distance of a forest at night time . nighttime view of an accident with several emergency vehicles very bright lights coming from parked utility vehicles .
small towns are fun to find unique things in them . this one has an air condition directly above the door , safety hazard ! then you have a guy pulling a cart with a garbage can on a bicycle . but you also find older fun things too . like old timey gas pumps . how historical !
a red building with a door and two rectangular windows . white shingles are on an entrance marked studio.by a parking meter.in a city . an old rusty car parked outside an apartment building . the front door to a small apartment building . a building that is showcasing the entrance of a house .
i went out for a walk last week . there were a lot of old buildings outside . i drove my car into the parking lot . i decided to see if there might be a restaurant nearby . there was just more old buildings .
a man is in the window of a red building . older building exterior as seen from street area . a beat up car parked outside of a building a close establishment with white blinds on the window front of a home that is painted white and blue .
the maroon walls were clean cut . i did not know most of the building was painted in the maroon color . across the street , there was a home with red painting on white walls . i decided to visit the shop to get some supplies . this part of the city is dried up .
the outside of a building is red with two windows an image of a red brick with two white doors a car that resides next to the orange building . battered looking store front that appears to be closed up . a photo of a run down building with a rickety stair case
it was a beautiful fall day to be outside we decided that it was a good day to chop some wood to store it for winter chuck was taking a break from chopping wood and breathing in the cool autumn air even [male] the cat was enjoying the nice day . we had a profitable day with lots of wood chopped and stored .
a green plant is growing out of the ground with some other plants around it . the grape tomatoes are rinsed in the collander the cat has a black and white color pattern on it 's face . trees with no leaves left are in view along with an overcast sky . a glass holds amber liquid and ice , and has salt on the rim .
the red barn is very large and even serves as a home ! it could use a little paint in some areas , but it is still a nice barn . it was a sunny day , so i decided to head out of the barn to enjoy the view . even the pet cat had decided to take in some of the nice weather . while i was outside , i took some time to stack some firewood up neatly .
a green plant is growing out of the brown dirt . a bunch of cherry tomatoes are sitting in a strainer in the sink . a cat is laying on wood outside in the sun . a red light is shining on the bare branches of a number of trees , which are otherwise silhouetted against a darkening sky . an alcoholic drink of some kind has fruit in it
visiting the garden . and picking up tomatoes . sassy the cat on the porch . going for an afternoon walk through the woods . preparing and drinking fruit cocktails .
a little plant is sprouting up out of the dry ground small red tomatoes on a stem in a colander . the white cat with black eyes and pik feet enjoyed the sun . the tops of several trees without leaves in front of a blue cloudy sky . the drink is full of pieces of oranges and ice
when the bike race started , the seats in the venue were pretty empty . the racers all posed for a pre-race photo shoot . the race was pretty competitive . it was exciting seeing so many bikes close together . i have to admit , we almost wished the bicycles would crash , as that would have been fun to see !
the seating area of a roller derby rink the people are holding flowers in their hands . two men are riding different types of bikes . two bicyclists racing behind motorcycles that set pace an image of two people on a bike
the family gets together to watch a bike race . the family takes a picture with [male] before the race . [male] is finally racing ad trying his best to win . [male] is such a competitor as he tries to find any edge to get into the winning position . [male] tires out and settles for second place .
multicolored empty seats at a roller derby arena with one person standing at the rail . a group of bike riders are gathered in a gymnasium to get their rewards . a motor cycle and a track bike on a velodrome . 2 motorcyclists ride in the foreground while a couple of racing cyclists follow behind on an indoor racetrack . two bikers of different uniforms and protective gear riding alongside a ramped pathway .
the crowd was minimal during the day the race . despite this , my friends and family were there to support me . the race was intense , with the competition trying to block my every move . my partner and i could n't break through the blockade of competitors . despite all our best efforts , we came in second .
the picture shows the empty bleacher area of a sports arena . a group of winning cyclists in a gym showing off their prizes . two men riding around on a dirtbike and a bicycle the guys on the motorcycles started the race two people are riding bikes on a sloped wooden course .
this is the view from our room of the early morning light diffused through the fog . some of the beautiful fall foliage right outside the place where we stayed . once we 'd woken up for the morning , we went on our annual fall hike , these are some of the buildings near the area camp we started our hike from . we passed a disused rail track that ran off into the distance . driving around and walking around location location during the change of leaves can be nice , but it 's also best to keep your eyes on the road and not get in a wreck like these people did !
fog settled over farmland and ruins of a broken wooden fence and planter boxes . a bunch of red leafed plants and some fox tails . bicycles parked outside a slew of buildings . the end of wooden train tracks in the country scene of a single vehicle car accident with police on the scene
we went house shopping , a early in a quiet [female] morning . there was an auto accident on the road , though , and by the time we arrived the realtor could n't show us around anymore . so we decided to sight-see a bit ! all the long reeds of wheat were stunning to see up close . the heavy fog on the nearby farm made me feel nostalgic for the time when i used to live on one . we picked a few flowers for home , and went off .
a shot of a farm during the rising of the sun the leaves are red and orange and the blossoms are white small buildings and a flag pole under a clear sky . the end point of a train track line . cars drive around the police cars on the road .
it was a beautiful fall day so we decided to go for a drive into the country and look at the leaves . unfortunately we were n't the only ones with that idea , and got stuck in traffic because of this accident . i was very disappointed that i only had roadside weeds to look at instead of fall colors . looking around once we got past the traffic , i did see some really lovely view of the farmland . in the end it was worth the trouble because it turned out to be a beautiful autumn day .
wooden fence with boards missing . trees and bushes in foggy area . a garden of flowers is being displayed . a group of small white buildings with a bike parked in front . a thin wooden railroad track comes to an end with a short wooden barricade at the end . two vehicles were involved in an automobile accident are pulled over to the side of the road .
we went out to eat last night . the town was known for it good restaurants . the food was wonderful . the view from the restaurants windows was spectacular . our walk home in the city was refreshing .
looking down on a hilltop development from inside a structure landscaping tools sitting in the dirt , alongside an empty basket . adult man stands overlooking small town in mountainous region . a table has a yellow tablecloth and many chairs an old building , could be a rundown apartment building . maybe a bridge made of trees .
when i got to the restaurant it was very dark . there were some lights there . i had a great time at the restaurant . afterward i took a cab back home . there were a lot of stairs leading down to my apartment .
an aerial view of the local nearby town . a shovel and hoe sit next to an empty basket in a garden . a man looking out a at small town a long yellow fruit covered table with eating and cutting utensils on a brown tile floor . a tall red building is surrounded by brown fencing
the entrance of the restaurant has a view of the city . shovels are outside along the garden area . looking over the porch i admire the landscape . fresh fruit lines the serving table . the back side of the restaurant is best being out of sight .
a view of a a town on the base of a hill wicker basket sits on ground alongside gardening tools . a man leaning on a post with a small town in the background . lemons sit on plates on a long dining table . an old log structure stands in front of a red brick building .
a chalkboard sign advertising breakfast . inside the caf with more choices for food . what a hearty breakfast this is . a gargoyle outside the church which is protective . beautiful stained glass windows .
a sign that is advertising lunch for money . laminated white menu showing various coffee choices and addons a plate of eggs beans toast and mushrooms the gargoyle looks like he is escaping from the building . stained glass windows are highlighted in this picture of a church 's interior .
after a big sunday breakfast , i walk to church . to get there , i walk over the n bridge . i try to get there early to enjoy the beauty of the stain glass windows while the church is quiet . once more people arrive , the church service starts and all the people pay attention . i think even the statues in the church pay attention to the sermon .
a small sign with a chalk board sits on the brick ground a menu at a coffee shop showing an assortment of coffee items . a plate with breakfast food , beans , toast , eggs and mushroom hey stone gargoyle on top of a religious building under a gray sky stained glass windows as seen from the inside of a building .
[female] 's favorite cafe is french . they have a great drink menu filled with different types of coffees and tees , but best of all , they have great breakfast foods that you can mix with lunch sandwiches ! the outside of the building has fancy french architecture , and the inside definitely reflects the outside . she loves feeling like she 's in a foreign country when she goes to this cafe .
outside chalk restaurant sign with special and price two papers one yellow and another white has some black writtings a plate of toast , eggs and beans on a dining table . gargoyle sculpture looms above from wall beneath tower . large blue stained glass windows in a cathedral
this is my car . i really love my car . here is a picture of the steering wheel . i use it to control where my car is going . i drive south on highway 101 . even though i have a flashy car and love to drive , i always obey the speed limit . i finally arrive at my destination .
the steering wheel ensures us that this car is built for speed . a car 's view of a bridge it drives over is shown . the ocean hides behind a gross view of a major highway , [location] [location] [location] , with vehicles passing by with no hesitation to look at the scene that passes unnoticed beside them . the road that leads to the shores of the beach . antique car parked next to small hill overlooking bridge
we rented a very fancy car for our big road trip ! we loved crossing a big bridge in our performance car . we were excited when we got to route 101 , as that had been a dream of ours . the open road and the ocean in the distance were an amazing view . we stopped to just take a picture of our car , to remember always what a great day it had been .
the antique steering wheel is functional with wood accents and no padding . a large freeway next to the hills with speeding vehicles a sign that directs drivers to the route 101 . the front of a car is driving down a coastal road . a black convertible two-door car with the top down and a cityscape in the background .
it was a beautiful day outside and the man decided to take his classic car out for a spin . he drove to location location across the iconic location location bridge . he then headed onto the scenic location 101 where he drove along the coast . the drive was beautiful and full of awe picturesque views . the man loved his car very much and all the memories it provided .
an image of a close up shot of a steering wheel a car is seen crossing the golden gate bridge in [location] . a car and a truck driving on the highway . a lonely road winds along a panoramic mountain scene . image of black vintage car with chrome wheels parked outside .
shrines are a major part of asian life . many shrine visitors write wishes and prayers on little pieces of paper , and then they tie those pieces of paper to tree branches around the shrine . they pray to the gods of the shrine to fulfill their hopes and dreams .
wooden posts over wooden walkway leading to lodge [location] has a very long and rich history from a global perspective . wood structure with a multitude of signs hanging from it on the bare twigs , prayers and wishes were tied with care . an ornate statue of a dragon 's head stands retally in the park , water dripping from its gaping mouth .
the entrance way to the building was very inviting . there were all these little papers hanging on the tree . i found out later that they were wishes that people had placed there . the dragon was supposedly going to grant your wishes . it was a very detailed dragon with a lot of powers , i guess .
the sun partially shines on a historic japanese temple . the outside of a japanese temple , with a lion statue on either side of the pathway . a large wooden board with things hanging on it . these are written messages wrapped around small twigs . a stone statue of a dragon with horns .
here is the entrance to the shrine we visited today . the shrine , after entering through the gate . a display case at the temple of things that can be purchased . prayers and wishes tied to tree branches by visitors to the shrine . here is dragon statue i saw as we left the shine .
large outdoor garden with trees in the background . two lion statues are on either side of the walkway leading into the building . a collection of objects that are on sale . little bits of paper with asian writing are tied to branches . a statue of a dragon 's head with a few green spots on it .
the kids sat anxiously in their camp shirts waiting for the festivities to begin . here at camp , there are lots of things to do , like play chess , or jump on the trampoline that 's floating in the lake . you can also ride horses , and eat pospicles with friends . camp is a magical place .
people are gathered outside in a grass field a man stands on a chess board in a yard the kids are enjoying jumping and bouncing on the water trampoline people are standing in an enclosure with donkeys the woman and men both dressed in white and ate icecream near the jogging trail .
it is always a great time at summer camp . so many different activities . from playing lawn chess ... to water games in the lake . being able to see the horses up close was neat . we ended each day with an ice cream treat !
people gather together on the grass dressed in white a man standing on a giant game of chess . a large inflatable boat on the water with people in it . horses view humans over a corral enclosure in summer . sitting in the front yard and eating treats from the ice cream man
the whole crowd arrived for the festivities . there where games in they yard . there where also activities in the lake . the animals where set up for the kids . we ended the afternoon eating a conversing .
people are gathering to watch an event outdoors . a man stands in place of the king on a giant chessboard . a group of people enjoying water activities outside . two people are standing in a pen with horses . a woman that is wearing sunglasses and is eating ice cream .
all of the ladies in the family . they are a beautiful group . here is a group photo of the brothers and sisters , with their spouses and children . mother and father are posing with their daughters and grandchildren . the youngest daughter on her wedding day . she is pinning her maid of honor 's corsage on her . husband and wife , with their parents posing for one of the wedding pictures . they are such a happy couple !
a family poses in the living room for a group photo . a very large family wearing sunday dresses and nice shirts are standing together in a yard . four people are posing for a picture around the hungry mother park sign . three girls pose on a dock in front of a coast guard ship . a wedding couple pose with their wedding party
i found a box of old family photos . here 's my grandmas family when she was younger . a picture for a park visit when i was a kid . my moms vacation picture when she was young . here is my parents wedding .
the group of people looks like family sitting at the table the large group is posing for a picture long hungry mother park sign with two people . three girls are posing for a picture in front of a boat . it is a picture of a small wedding party
the family got together for the wedding . they all huddled close for a family shot . they enjoyed each other 's company . the bride looked lovely . the groom and the bride 's families were both proud .
a group of people are smiling when posing for a photo a family is posing outside for a picture . a family poses at a sign that reads `` hungry mother park . '' three girls stand near the water in front of a large ship . a wedding photo features the couple and their parents .
we went to the festival there were amazing hot air balloons there was amazing music [male] myers played his best songs there were alot of people there
a grade sitting in front of a stage waiting for an event to begin . the group of people is standing beneath the large inflated balloons . a woman is singing into a microphone while a man plays guitar on stage . a man in overalls performing with an acoustic guitar . a large crowd of people at a balloon rally
there were hundreds of people at the fourth of july concert . they had floats too ! i liked her voice . he was okay . it was very hot !
a small crowd is clustered in front of a stage at an outdoor concert . people gathered to look at the decorative hot air balloons . a woman on stage singing while a man plays the guitar the guitarist is playing a popular song.for his fans . the crowd awaits the takeoff of the hot air balloons .
we went to the summer concert today . it was quite crowded and there were some very cool balloons . [female] and [male] took the stage and the crowd cheered . [male] performed a solo song which the crowd loved . after the concert , many people lingered for awhile just to socialize further .
people are seated on the dirt in front of an outside stage . a parade with a lot of big balloons a woman sings a song , while a man plays the guitar . a man on stage is playing his guitar . the beautiful hot air balloons were grounded for now .
today was a ceremony for the junior hockey league . i received an award for my performance . all of us together after the ceremony . at home showing my award to friends and family . everyone was really proud of me today .
two men are on the ice rink , one holding paperwork , and the other holding a hockey stick . a young hockey player is receiving a medallion award . preteen hockey players posing on the ice in front of an american flag . a young boy holding a trophy and two adult males a man with his hands on the shoulders of a boy in front holding a statue .
the coach lets the team know how proud of them he is . the assistant coach helps hand out medals . after getting their medals the team poses for a group picture . after the boys change out of their uniforms the trophies are given out . lastly , the coach hands out the trophy for the mvp .
a man holding paper and a man holding a hockey stick out on an icerink a woman with her hands on a kids helmet as he stands in his hockey gear on the ice rink . several children sitting on the ice at a rink a man has his hands on the shoulders of a young boy . man in black t shirt , resting his hands on a young boy shoulders .
hockey coaches talking to their team number 6 is giving his medal that he deserves he poses for the camera in his game play form the boy poses with his teammates at the end of the ceremony . the boy gets another honor and poses with his proud dad .
two men are standing in the middle of a hockey rink , and one is holding a hockey stick . a boy in a hokey uniform gets a metal a collective group of kids posing for a picture on an ice rink . boy holding a trophy standing in front of a man a man puts his hands on a smaller boys shoulders .
it can be tricky to get a pot truly clean once food is stuck to it . start with really hot water and soap . make sure that the post is wet on both sides . once wet and soaped , use a tool to scrub off the burned material . once done , let the pan continue to rinse to loosen any additional attached food .
a person if filling a pot up with water . someone is washing a pan and its lid i do n't know how on earth we got this picture to look like this a hand holding a pan under neath running water in a sink . a pan with a pan cover in a sink with running water .
i had to wash the pan today . i really did n't want to but i had put it off forever . i took the pan and placed it in the sink and ran some water over it . i turned it over so the bottom could get wet too . then i placed it into the sink and left the water running over it .
someone holding a pan filling it with water from faucet . water flowing from faucet onto lid of saucepan a person is cleaning the pan with water . a person holding a aluminum pan with a black handle under running water . a saute pan is being washed in a white sink .
[female] was washing the pots and pans when she realized the water was cold . she turn on the hot water and the water got warmer . soon the water was hot so she continued what she was doing . top part is clean , now for the bottom . all done except to turn the water off and dry the pan .
the pan looks clean after washing inthe sink someone holds a pan under a faucet of running water . the cook is rinsing the pot with water . a jet of water from a faucet striking a metal cooking pan . a pot is sitting inside of a white sink .
i went to put up all the decorations for christmas this year . i had a great time . it took me many hours to put them all up . some of the decorations were very heavy . the next day we all opened up our presents .
tall glass ornaments with multiple lights illuminating them . various ice sculptures , including a snail and whimsical mushrooms , are illuminated with colored lights . a sleigh decorated for christmas sits somewhere in low lighting . a woman and man in costume stand by a holiday display . an older lady teaching a young girl to play the harp .
there is a home near my place that like to make light and ice sculptures for christmas . they are very creative and make amazing things . they also have a location that is there on the weekends . mrs. claus sometimes helps too . indoors they have crafts for kids .
a variety of lighted ice sculptures stand on display . a selection of ice sculptures are illuminated by colorful lights . an object that is decorated with many christmas themed lights . two adults dressed and standing side by side next to a cart an older woman shows a younger kid a harp while the kids strums on the strings
the outside was decorated with ice sculptures light up . they had a lot of different ones to look at . location 's sleigh was decorated with lights and flowers . mrs. claus even made an appearance . inside a woman was teaching a little girl to play the harp .
a variety of ice sculptures at night lit in different colors . a collection of very well crafted glass sculptures with integrated colored led lighting . image of an indoor facility displaying bright christmas lights and other floral decorations surrounding it . an elderly couple that is standing next to the ornaments . a lady and child standing together holding a harp .
i love taking pictures of patterns . here is a rainbow of shoes . neatly folded cloth makes a great lined pattern . the stones on the street make an interesting pattern . the patterns of the arches look like candy canes . there are patterns and math everywhere you look .
the tan stone building has a tall ridged spire . a building has tall spires up in the sky several men are surrounding and looking at a taxi the front cab of the truck si blue signs from a business light up the dark night .
our first place we visited was a mosque . i had never seen architecture like they have here . the streets were crowded and very busy . it seemed like people were always in a hurry . at night billboards lit up the streets .
very tall , intimidating tower and exterior of church like building a building is designed by an expert architect . just cleaning some snow off while waiting on a customer . the artist drew a picture of a truck on a busy street . a building with a couple of signs on it , above the doors .
[male] 's preferred method of art was drawing . he loved drawing buildings , people , and cars . he hoped that one day his artwork would be displayed at the location for all to see .
the tower was tall and the old brick added a nice color tone . a large mosque with 4 minarets is shining on a sunny day . two people are washing the yellow middle car an old truck driving over a pothole in the road . local business signage lit up at night time as seen from street .
the couple took a picture with there baby . they took another picture . the grandma was not pleased . the baby ate her pudding . she then drank some water .
a couple is all dressed up with their child the old lady looks confused as she sits and watches . little girl with blond pig tails sitting at a table eating a young girl is very excited about something a little girl putting something inside of her mouth .
all dressed up for our little girls first birthday . grandma was not pleased at all the excitement and noise . one year old and supper chill about the whole thing . big sister was very happy about this 1st birthday . the cake was good , but the icing on the candle was even better !
a young girl giggles as she poses with her parents for a family photo . the elderly woman with grey hair is making a sad face . a baby girl that is getting ready to eat the chocolate . the two little girls are smiling while they play . young blonde girl in a flower dress
here is [female] with proud mom and pop before her baptism . grandma fran watches the action . [female] enjoys a post ceremony snack . she loves being entertained by her cousins . getting tired now , just about to take a much needed nap .
a man and woman sitting with a smiling child . a woman in a pink shirt has her hand to her face a little girl is sitting down and eating a cookie . two girls in in the background wearing a white shirt and one in the foreground wearing a black shirt . a baby sitting on the floor eating something .
these are some chubby seals . oh ! what is that shiny , black thing ? is that a baby seal ? aww , first kiss hello from mom to baby . welcome to the world , little one .
large fat sea lions rest on the sand of a beach . large seals gather together on a sandy beach . an adult seal barks at the pup in front of it . two seal pups are laying in the midst of some older seals . a seagull in the stand near some large seals .
i went to the beach today . there were many seals sleeping . my dog was playing with the seals . there were some baby seals as well . i had a great time .
the seals are laying on the sand next to each other . a few seals lounge out on the sand near the beach . sea lion group resting on dry sandy ground . several sea lion surrounding a new baby pup on the ground . animals on the beach relaxing with a goose eating food .
the seals were laying around on the beach . they looked at each other and did not know what to think . then a bird came .
a group of adult seals lounge together on the beach . sea lions resting on beach giving birth to calf a dark grey baby sea lion is laying in the sand surrounded by adult sea lions the baby sea lion has dark black eyes and appears to be hungry , suggesting it may be feeding time . a group of sea lions with pups on a beach . seals rest on the sand of the beach where seagulls land to look for carrion .
gone are the days when peeps only came in yellow . now they are available with a dark chocolate coating . you can hold a peep in your hand . inside you will find the familiar yellow . chocolate covered peeps are doubly delicious .
peeps now makes marshmallow candy that is covered in dark chocolate . a package of a single dark chocolate peep on the counter . the hand is holding a brown chocolate rock adult man with snack item stands in kitchen . though unhealthy , something always brings people back to the basic candies .
i found a new peep flavor today . dark chocolate . i had to give it a try . each peep is individually wrapped . new ! was written across , building up my excitement to try it . i took my first bite and documented it . first bite and i was done . it did n't taste how i thought it would taste . now i am left with a full box of dark chocolate peeps !
a blue box of dark chocolate peeps are lying on a table . a bag of dark chocolate covered marshmallow laying on a counter top . this is a picture of a chocolate covered candy a man eating a dessert cookie in front of pans a person with a food item in their hand above a box .
there was a new candy at the store today . he carefully unboxed his acquisition . the weight of the peep in his hand was extremely satisfying . the first bite surprised him with its intensity . he knew he would soon devour the entire package .
a light blue box of peeps marshmallow snack in dark chocolate flavor sits at an angle on a black patch of wet asphalt . sealed dark chocolate package containing a single peep . the man ; s hand has a chocolate covered dessert in it . the chocolate covered pastry was sweet and good someone eating a piece of candy with chocolate and marshmallow
here is my home in the suberbs of our town . the backyard is fenced in with flowers throughout . multi colored annuals show their brilliance . the flowers stand tall in the grasses along the fence line . opening its face to the sun , this purple flower is a favorite .
a large home that is beige in color and has trees in front beautiful wildflowers and plants in the middle of a field . a bee lands on the center of a purple flower . a garden with a variety of yellow and pink flowers . colors swarmed the eye as the brilliant hues of the flowers could be seen .
i went to the farm the other day . the place was even more beautiful than i can remember . all of the flowers were blooming . it was so pretty . i was very glad that i decided to go .
the building has bushes around the outside of it a group of different color and types of flowers . purple flower with a couple of bees landed on it . pale purple and yellow wildflowers among green leaves . mostly pink and purple flowers and some bushes are by a cement wall .
the family just moved into a big mansion last week . one of the best parts of the house is the flower garden . there are gorgeous purple flowers everywhere . among the purple flowers , there are also bright yellow flowers . the mansion is surrounded by a stone wall .
the house was modern with no lines and no detection of a surface other than the windows . a flower garden is full of several different types of flowers . a small bee pollinates a light pink flower in the sunshine . a mixture of different flowers grow together in a contained area . a grey wall and pink violet flower next to it
many people gathered around to see the press confrence . here is mike checking his phone while the conference is going on . [male] then posed for a picture with his buddy [male] . a picture of [male] 's sand which he ate at the conference . the group took a photo at the end of the press conference .
a large group of people are lining together to take a photo . the lady in the middle is holding the lady on her left hand side 's shoulder a sandwich and a single strawberry is sitting on white paper . a group of people that are next to each other . a young girl uses a microphone while her teacher watches .
family portrait before the baptism mom , grandmother and aunt eating breakfast . salami sandwich and a strawberry for breakfast . cousins and uncle taking a picture together . cousin singing .
a family is pictured at an event together . three women are sitting at a table with food in front of them . a sandwich and a strawberry is on top a white tissue . a group of young adults poses together in formal wear . a couple of women are standing in a room together .
it 's always special for the whole family gets together . we met for a quick lunch before the event . they brought us sandwiches and fruit . the younger family members were just as supportive . when she started to speak pride welled up in all of us .
the family decided to pose for picture after the concert . two elderly women and a young woman pose for a photo as they are eating lunch . a sandwich sits on a paper towel next to a strawberry . a group of friends gather together to take a casual picture . two women are speaking into a micro phone
going camping by the sea . building balancing rocks . a three piece balancing rocks . waves crashing on the rocks . two starfishes along the rocks .
a man is walking down a rocky shoreline . the man is stacking rocks at the edge of the water . a picture of a lot of rocks is displayed . old weathered wood on a rocky shore line . a bunch of wood and rocks are on the coastline .
my dad is taking a walk along the rocky beach . he closely examines artifacts he finds , everything from star fish to bottles . this is a collection of rocks that my dad picked up during his walks along the brach . he also collects and stockpilesdriftwood for bonfires and cooking . here is a rustic sculpture created from driftwood found on the beach .
a person walking along side a rocky ocean balance rock art has fasinated artist and sculpturist . rocks and pebbles glisten wet in the sun . the bottom of a rotted fence sitting on a layer of smooth stones . large stones and driftwood in front of a grassy mound .
the guy was walking along the shore and took photos of the pretty rocks before he saw some wood that had been destroyed .
a man walks along a rocky beach as the waves come in a man stacking rocks precariously atop one another on a rocky beach . a group of rocks that are next to each other . wooden slats and sticks make up fence atop rocky terrain . outside area with rocks and pieces of wood .
on our trip we saw many things including this funny sign . the local restaurant was delicious ! we also saw an extremely large bridge . the beach was beautiful and the waters were just right . we decided to take a picture together for memory .
a bumper sticker reading `` lick bush ' is on the bumper of a van . two people cook in a messy , old-fashioned kitchen diner . a giant bridge spans across a wide body of water . a tall pointed volcano sits idly near a beach . a couple of friends share a moment on a sunny beach .
one couple decided to take a road trip . along the way , they stopped at a cute cafe , saw an architecturally beautiful bridge , and stayed at the beach for a little while . they had so much fun together on their little adventure
a grey van with a funny bumper sticker . two people hard at work in a busy kitchen setting . the massive bridge , an impressive bit of 20th century engineering , lords it over the fog-shrouded bay . the rock is out in the ocean off the beach . a man and woman embrace one another alongside the beach to pose for a photo
we were hiking through the plains the other day . while hiking through the plains we came upon a ridge . after we crossed the ridge we were shocked to find a beach on the other side . from the beach we spotted a huge rock jutting out of the water . we walked closer to the rock and was surprised at how big it really was up close .
a gray van with a racy white bumper sticker a man and woman cook in a very cramped and crowded kitchen . a tall metal bridge over water on a cloudy day a large rock juts out of the wavy ocean two individuals take a selfie on the beach on a clear day .
it was a beautiful day out on the ocean the sun shined so brightly on the building and the steps had so much history behind them this was a perfect day to go out for a boat ride so we got the boat and decided to set sail
buildings and boats across a body of water . a person is standing on the walkway for a tall building a man stands in the sunlight on the stairs . this is an entrance into a dark cave a rocky coastline with small cliffs and stony beaches surrounds an inlet .
the family was on vacation . they visited lots of sight seeing areas . they found some historical sites . they explored old tunnels . they ended the day back at their hotel checking out the view .
a view across a body of water of an island with trees and some buildings tall light colored building with round capped green roof he looked to the right as he came down the steps . the opening of the cave is dark and grim a body of water next to some rocky and hilly
looking at the island from a distance stirred excitement . we toured the old buildings once we got there . these building have been here for hundreds of years the tombs were even older . so much to see on th islands .
choppy waters with boats along shore of island resort people posing in front of a large white building with copper clad dome on top . walking down the steps to go out in the woods . a dark creepy cave has a stone entrance . a view of the hill near the waters .
these were some shots i grabbed during a parade . the people in the city looked so happy . everyone getting wet by the hoses . it felt great in the hot weather . the signs were really inspirational . the game is ready to begin !
the person in front of the group is carrying the country 's flag . a neighborhood having a little celebration with their flags and signs in the street . stadium seats filled with people during a sunny day a group of people holding spanish banners seated on bleachers . many people are in the stands watching a sports game
i celebrated our national pride day this weekend . we marched from our local community til we reached donwtown . we ended at the local outdoor theatre . we were joined by almost eveyone in the community . we then got to enjoy a concert that was by a local band that was enjoyed by all .
a man carries a brightly colored flag as other men walk behind him . a large group of people marching with flags on the street . water being sprayed on the crowd sitting in bleachers at an outdoor event the crowds were thrilled to be in attendence . a crowd of people are watching are volleyball game .
we were on the bus and ready to have some fun ! we waited in line , but only for a little while ! it was time to go and enjoy ourselves ! while in the stadium , we gazed at all of the awesome sites ! the field was huge and beautiful ! we had fun !
the men are walking down the sidewalk with a red yellow and green flag . a group of flag-waving people gather together on a city street . a large crowd in bleachers at an unknown event . people are gathered for a rally holding signs the bleachers are full of spectators while the chairs on the field are still empty .
today we went to see lady [female] . after the tour , we were hungry , so we found some place to eat . it was n't a particularly busy restaurant . the food , however , was absolutely wonderful . i was n't sure what this was , bud my buddy insisted that i try it . wow , was it good !
a view of the statue of [female] from the sea . going to decide on going here to get something to eat or not . a darkened restaurant with a large open window . buffalo wings sit inside of a big leaf an image of a white plate with vegetables on it
the food covered the entire plate . the portion size of the food was more than expected . the atmosphere inside the local restaurant is not a traditional one . the organization organization has some of the best gourmet food . the view of the city off the coast of the river is beautiful .
the statue of liberty seen across the ocean from off in the distance . a sri lankan restaurant is open and ready for business . a dining table faces a window in a dark building . meat patties are on a green surface next to a bowl of sauce . a zebra print plate containg food with shavings of carrots .
on vacation to location location , we wanted to try out a new mexican restaurant we had heard about . here it is ! it looks like it is a sri lankan restaurant though . and it looks closed . we snuck inside anyway , just in case maybe someone was there to make us some food . nobody was there , so we made our own . chicken wings ! my friend made something triangular . i 'm not sure what it is , actually . we put money for our food on the counter and left .
the statue of [female] stood tall on the horizon . the new restaurant was opened for business . a small table is set in a dim dining room . some sort of food served in a basket in a giant leaf . a triangular plate with a mash of vegetable matter in a pyramidal shape with weak carrot slices all over looking thoroughly unappetizing .
we are eating at a restaurant . we saw an alligator . we visited an old building with a well . the sign showed many sites of attraction . he is standing on the mat .
a group of people sitting at a table in a restaurant . the little lizard is walking beside a brick people walking in the stone courtyard with stone walls and a circular structure in the middle . multiple signs pointing different directions on white sign post a young man is standing outside a fancy building .
every year , the wongs came to visit us for a week during the summer . spiky had escaped from his aquarium and was sun bathing in the back yard ! [male] and [female] looked around the sun-bleached space , imagining the centuries of family stories that flowed from these walls . [male] grew nervous , unsure of which direction to take ; knowing he was getting later by the minute . [male] sighed as his mother insisted on snapping a photo in front of the airport doors . it was his first trip overseas , and it seemed she was just as excited !
the group sits around three tables pushed together in the restaurant . the reptile is in the shade near to the bricks . people roam around a stone building with a well in the front . white sign with multiple arrows pointing different directions the man is standing outside the airport in [location] .
they took the trip of a lifetime to visit family in location . they toured the continent for two weeks . here is my nephew in front of the location airport . it was a very long trip . the beaches here are very beautiful . it was their summer so we enjoyed the surf . the city of location is so modern . lots of glass buildings . here they are with the whole family at a local restaurant .
people are seated around a table to eat food together large desert lizard next to pink pavers on sandy and dried leaves people are walking around the opening of an old building a sign that shows you which way you need to go . a man in jeans stands under an airport sign .
the family picked somewhere in the great outdoors to go on their annual vacation . their daughter was so excited to see the green trees and the blue water . the family hiked together over the rocks , so that they could get the best view of the sun shining over the water . the water looked so clear ; who knows ? maybe they 'll get in and enjoy it for a while .
a map shows the area around [location] and [location] [location] in the [location] . woman on green hillside looking over rolling river a group of people standing on rocks near the water a wide view photo of an ocean scene . a beautiful blue water with two swimming eels .
according to the map the crew had to hike 15 miles to get to the camp site . looking out over the water a feeling of peace entered the hiker . standing on the rocks really reminded everyone to be careful . it was beautiful outside but getting hurt all the way out in the wilderness would not be good . the view of the beach from all the way up here was amazing . when they reached the campsite by the ocean , dolphins could be seen from where the tents would go .
a blurry picture of a map is displayed . woman in a black jacket lookibng at a beautiful outdoor secen standing on the rocks by the creek in the woods . off the rugged coastline sat a small island not to far from the shore . the whales are coming close to the surface of the water .
i threw a dart at a map to decide where to vacation . this is where the dart landed . there were other people there . it was quite a scenic location . i saw lots of wildlife while i was there .
a blurry map with illegible names of the area woman in long sweatshirt looking out into wooded area . adults are wandering about rocks on the shore . a beautiful panorama of the blue water and cliffs two objects are photographed underwater and it is not clear what they are .
early this morning we left our loft apartment in the city . we saw some strange art of a man grasping on to a window sill . shortly after , something even stranger : a car covered with post-it notes . with that excitement out of the way , we stopped by a super fancy ice cream place . we finished off the day with a breathtaking view of the cityscape at night .
the street in front of the shop is empty the painting on the wall shows someone falling from the window . someone covers a car with pink and yellow post it notes as its parked on the side of the road . a plate of cold ice cream sits invitingly on a plate . a glowing moon in a dark sky above street lights .
we had arrived at the hotel , ready to get a good nights sleep before going into town tomorrow . the next morning we went on a self guided art tour of the town . this particular piece is so realistic that many have called the police for assistance . there was also some more traditional art that we saw on our tour . my favorite art on the tour was some of the architecture that we saw on so many buildings , like this one . even our desert after the tour seemed to become a work of art . it had been a great day .
the old tan and brown building is on a corner a graffiti artist has painted a naked man escaping from a window as a cheating wife sits back and her husband looks for the man . automobile covered with stick on notes with several onlookers . a dessert has ice cream , a strawberry , and sauce . the stars in the air appear beautiful at dark
we went on a sight-seeing trip , check out this old mill building we saw . then we saw some amazing graffiti art ; it almost looks 3d . there was a car that someone completely covered in post-it notes . this really old building looks like a castle or a fortress . after sight-seeing , we stopped and got some ice cream .
a four-story city building has a sign `` city job shop '' on the front . a graffiti painting of a man in a window with a naked person hanging from the window . a man gets his car covered with post it notes vanilla ice cream is drizzled with chocolate on a white plate . the moon shines bright in the dark sky
today was a birthday celebration for a father and son . the excited son got to blow out his candle first . the father blew his candle out next . the happy father served the cake . everyone enjoyed the festivities .
a winter wonderland themed cake is made for the unlikely coincidence of two fellows turning 41 within days of each other . a man in a goatee takes the time to blow out all the candles on the cake . a man is holding a knife he is using to cut a birthday cake with . a toddler preparing to blow out the candle on their second birthday cake . a group of people gathered in a home watching someone open gifts .
it 's time for the twins birthday party . daddy helps to blow out the candles . then he helps to cut and serve cake . of course the birthday boy gets his own cake . then the best part of the party , time to open the presents .
a cake for someone 's 41st birthday is sitting on a table . a man blowing out the childs birthday candles a man is cutting up a childs birthday cake the little boy is standing in front of a birthday cake with the number 2 . the happy young family takes a moment to cherish their gift .
happy birthday dear ole [male] its been great for the family . [male] blew out the candles and made a perfect great wish . [male] cut the cake and shared it with his great family . the baby got his own special cake since it was his birthday too . after birthday cake it was time to open the gifts .
a birthday cake to celebrating [male] 's 41st birthday a man surrounded by other people blows out candles on a birthday cake . man with his hand on a birthday cake sitting next to a small child this child is turning two years old , and is excited to blow out the candle on his birthday cake with family . a family with small children are opening presents .
i took a photo of her shoulder . then a shot of the bus stop . there was a flower . it was red . then it got really dark .
it 's snowing in a european country and the cars and houses are covered in snow . a closeup of a woman with auburn hair . the bus has very few people on it . people are sitting around a long wooden table red roses are in full bloom on a stem
it was around christmas time when i was waiting for the bus . the weather was cold and snowy . when i got home , i had flowers waiting from an admirer . they were very pretty . the town christmas tree was brightly lit in the town square .
the cars are covered with snow , as well as the houses . cropped image of a woman with shoulder length hair people sit on a bus while it drives through city traffic . the men are sitting around the conference table going over charts . light shows through almost falling red petals in this artistic photo .
that day was really snowy but i had to work . i put my earphones in and then i went with a bright attitude . i rode the bus to my job and got there early . my meeting was starting as i arrived . at the end of the day , my husband presented me with a rose because he loves me .
cars parked in the snow outside some houses . the photo is a blurry picture of hair and a coat . people are sitting in the seats on the bus ride . a group of adult men sit around a wooden conference table . a macro shot of a deep red flower , focusing on the petals .
a pop star arrived for her performance she sang songs for the crowd all night at one point her songs became very emotional the crowd enjoyed every second of the song she finished after that and concluded her set
a bleached blond stands with a microphone to her mouth and her eyes wide open . a blonde haired singer has purple eyeshadow and red lipstick . a woman in a red dress holding a small guitar . pretty blonde haired woman in a green jacket a women in green with a huge smile on her face .
this woman is a triple threat . she can sing . she can tell a joke . she can be very flirty . the audience clapped long and hard . they loved her performance .
a woman singing into the mic with an intense expression . a singer with platinum blonde hair and red lipstick leans towards a microphone . a lady in a red dress plays her small guitar and sings into the microphone woman with blonde hair and wearing a green jacket close-up of a lady smiling with her arms in the air .
this is a picture of a singer . the woman has blonde hair and lots of makeup . the woman is wearing a red dress . the woman is wearing a green outfit . the woman has lots of tattoos .
a woman with blonde hair holding and singing into a microphone with her eyes wide open a white woman singing in front of a microphone . a lady with tattoos sing and playing a guitar a photo of a blonde woman in a green shirt holding a microphone . a blonde woman , with a red flower in her hair , is smiling with her arms up in the air .
it was the annual fourth of july parade ! there were floats and booths and music and dancing . people were dressed up in their favorite red , white , and blue . even our teachers were having fun . but not everyone was thrilled to be there .
a white truck with the american flag over it . a car adorned with american flag paraphernalia sits behind a man and a little boy . woman covered in red , white and blue holding flags a lady in a red shirt is holding blue pom poms i do not know what the blank , it is .
we decorated the truck with a banner and drove it to the parade . people were all dressed in red , white , and blue and had all sorts of floats ready . one lady even had a red , white , and blue wig ! other people just waved colored pom poms or flags . a few people wore tall flag colored hats , and had balloons and other things to celebrate .
a white pickup truck is decorated with patriotic emblems . a group of people are around a very patriotic float . an older woman is celebrating the 4th of july a woman in a red shirt smiling and holding up blue pom-poms . boys on side of street in 4th of july parade surrounded by flags .
the family gathered to support my husband and son . they participated in the city 4th of july parade . my son and husband decorated a tractor full of american memorabilia . a few balloons were also use to decorate the tractor . we had a lot of water to stay hydrated during the parade . the family was proud to watch the tractor my son and husband built pass by in the parade .
a white truck is covered in american flags and the bumper has a plastic flag decoration on it a man and a boy are at an american patriotic celebration with flags , balloons , and clothing with american flag colors . a woman dressed for a fourth if july celebration . a woman wearing red , white and blue , poses with blue pom poms . a boy in an american flag hat is looking at the camera .
elephants are probably my favorite animal when we visit niabi zoo . the giraffes are fun to feed . their long tongues are blue and icky looking ! the pink flamingos are much more beautiful than their plastic counterparts . the way they stand on one leg makes me laugh . the penguins keep coming right up to the glass of their enclosure . it 's as if they want you to take them hom . my granddaughter 's favorite part is feeding the lorikeets from her hand .
the dirty elephant is enjoying the warmth of the sun a giraffe is in an enclosure on sand . a group of flamingos that are standing on the floor . penguin display in a diorama or at a zoo . an exotic bird sits on a man 's hand and drinks food from a plastic cup .
visiting the zoo and seeing a huge elephant . now time to take a closer look at the giraffe . looking at flamingos up close . then we saw penguins in their habitat . zookeeper helping feeding the parrots in a little cup .
an elephant in a zoo who looks sad and forlorn with a broken tusk on his right side . giraffe standing in non grassy area inside of fence . tall trees on opposite side of fence . flamingos gather and look for for food penguin standing in front of several other penguins the little girl is feeding a bird that is sitting on the hand of an adult .
we decided to visit an old location location town . we saw statues of old american heroes peppered around the town . after , we decided to visit the zoo . their famous group of pink flamingos were our favorite . we fed the exoctic birds and continued around the zoo .
an elephant is seen in this zoo enclosure . lone giraffe stands in fenced sandy clearing near forested area . a group of pink flamingos stand in the dirt and the grass . a group of black and white penguins standing on rocks . parrot perched on a hand sipping from a cup .
i went on a trip to location with a lot of college friends . i loved seeing the classic old buildings . on a walk at night , i was overcome by the spooky beauty of the organization organization in the distance . the bright lights of the strip contrasted with the old parts of the city . we all gathered at a pub for a toast to old times and new memories . then we had a typical english food buffet . i must admit food was n't the best part of the trip !
a red bus stands out in contrast against the gray classical buildings on a cloudy day . [location] ferris wheel seen through the trees at dusk . the big screens light up the city at night . a group of friends enjoy a pint of beer at the pub the party has some finger foods to snack on .
the town 's square was so vibrant and full of life . it was lit up and full of people . there were so many interesting sites to see including the town 's famous bridge . the architecture was amazing . so many beautiful old buildings . the pubs were great too . we all got together and enjoyed a few drinks . we also sampled some of the local pub fare . the snacks were delicious .
the red bus breaks up the monochromatic scheme of the day . a view of the ferris wheel in the distance . large digital advertising marquee located above a building in a large metropolitan area . six people posing for a photo with alcohol in a restaurant a mess on the table of snacks and nuts , and cigarettes .
we began the grey day at the crack of dawn by attending church . after a long , cold day of family celebrations the sun was setting and night began to fall . heading downtown i began to feel excitement when the big cities lights began to light up the area . we had a fantastic time sharing drinks with friends in a crowded bar . the night ended with take out food and cigarettes being scattered throughout the living room after a night of drinks .
a [location] scene with big dome over old buildings . the ferris wheel can be seen through the tree branches across the bridge . the lights , soights , and sounds make it exciting friends gather together to drink and relax at the pub . the table is covered with snacks , dips and beverages .
the friends were going to explore the beach today . but first they needed to get some food . once they were down at the beach they began to relax . they walked around and saw a huge monster made of sand . at the end of the day , they headed home , happy with their activities .
a close-up of a big hamburger with sesame seed bun three people are standing outside and smiling for the camera . a sand carving of a mermaid and dragon is situated on a beach near the ocean . beautiful day at a beach with numerous people and surf boards . a pair of friends sitting at a deli drinking water .
the veggie burgers at the caf were perfect for lunch . we walked downtown to get to our next destination . on the beach someone created a sand sculpture of a dragon . the beach was rather empty for such a lovely day for dinner we ate at the local restaurant .
a very large chicken parm sandwich with a [organization] max to drink a group of three posing for a picture on a busy street . the sand sculpture took hours but the work was well worth it . on this sunny day suffers are lined up on the beach . a couple of men are sitting at a table
started the day off with a sandwich.we just sat around talking about our day . these are my friends i just had lunch with.and we decided to head to the beach . when we got there , people had been sculpting in the sand.the first we seen was a dragon.so amazing and creative . many surf boards waiting to be used but nobody out on the water . they are so cute..my girlfriend went to the bathroom and they were flirting .
an appetizing burger for dinner along with a [organization] . three friends posing on a sidewalk in summer . a sandcastle depicting a mermaid and a dragon-like creature adorns a beach while people sit in the background . multiple people are on a sandy beach , some are sitting , some are playing and man are standing in front of blue and yellow surfboards . two young males are sitting at a table with glasses in front of them .
these products were hand made by a woman . this object is very unique and could be worn as a pin . this product makes your house smell good . this product could be used as a decoration . these medallions are great for christmas .
a heart made out of fabric is on display . a clock with golden treats on the bottom hangs from a wall . a fabric heart sits on a table next to a cup . the heart shaped piece of wood is displayed on the wall the necklaces are made of cardboard and metal
an artist living in this house . she sells various heart shaped pillows at a local arts market . this heart shaped pin pillow and potpourri container are to be given to a friend . she also sells various artistic necklaces . these are labels to place item description and price of the item .
a handmade felt heart-shaped knickknack on a little stand , with a tag from the maker . a hand made clock embellished with shells and gold heart next to a green container with lid . a necklace that is leather and has a string tied to it . five medallions with various symbols printed on them lay on a table .
i found allot of old nick nacks in my mind garage this weekend this one is actually a necklace i believe this one is part of a tea set i find this confusing cause i do n't know what it is i have no idea what these things are either
a large hand-made heart is on display with a tag to the receiver . a clock is fashioned with numerous gears and shells . a stuffed heart is lying next to a green jar . a love heart shaped thing attached to a string five pendants with different pictures on them are laying next to each other
the bellzinorrious family decided to get out of town . dad hitched up his pants and loaded the car . the flipped a coin and headed east . once they hit the coast , they walked around a bit . they ran into beautiful sites such as this pond .
the clouds , huge and white , curve over the road that stretches into the distance , a quiet farmhouse sitting to the left . a woman is wearing a black hat while sitting on the grass . a man and woman speak with another man near the ocean . a child lying on a bed covered up with a pillow on their head . a person 's reflection is superimposed on a luscious green outdoor scene .
we took a pilgrimage tour with the family . i got a little souvenir hat for my son to wear . we visited the coastline where the mayflower first landed . got to one of the cottages and it had decorative fabrics . i still dream of that tour , it was quite an eye opener into the history of our country .
through a windshield down a highway with a brightly lit cloud formation ahead . a woman in cowboy hat sitting on the ground with others . a group of people that are overlooking the waters of the sea . someone is in bed asleep under some blankets and a bag . a woman is looking into some scenery in a window
the family decided to go on a spur of the moment trip . they stopped off at a very nice picnic area to have lunch while eating the family had a great view of the water . once they got to their destination the little one was exausted . she was looking out the window at the land to see what they could explore next .
a photo of the road from the windshield of a car . several people sitting on the green grass in the sunshine . two red headed people are looking at the beach water someone wrapped in pillows and blankets lays on a bed sleeping . the image is double exposed and shows a person
i have a bunch of chickens . i need the dogs help in order to get the chickens and eat them . the dog is happy to help me . we got them and cooked them . i shared my food with the dog because it helped me .
an image of a dog that is sitting on the field a wooden chicken coop standing over hay with some chickens on the ground . a flock of chicken that are standing on the hay . a dog is outside and looking through a fence . a dog looking at the camera with his mouth open
living on the farm means lots of things to take care of , including all these chickens . luckily i have help from my loyal companion . she 's never been one to be shy in front of a camera . farm life means plenty of good , fresh food . which makes for some dinners you just ca n't get anywhere else .
the dog is in a small pen near the hay . large outdoor chicken coop that is raised off the ground and surrounded by hay . white feathered chickens eating and walking on hay outdoors . the dog waited by the fence for something interesting . a dog vacantly looking towards the camera next to fence
i have a very good dog . he helps keep the chickens safe . i let the chickens out to graze . the dog keeps watch . my dog is really happy and enjoys his job .
a dog is sitting in a dirt trail with patches of grass a wooden structure that has been tampered with . several white chickens are walking around in hay . a collie mix stands watch in the grass outside a barbed wire fence . a dog looking directly into the camera on a sunny day .
we were nervous to go on our first vacation . the hotel looked nicer in the pictures . however , the inside was a lot better . our beds were decently made . however , we ended up spending most of our time at the pool .
man stands in a plaza in front of tan building with two large spires and clock . groups of people mill about in a large city square . the ceiling that is painted in various colors people are walking down a brick road in the daytime . dimly lit restaurant with two woman witting in chairs facing each other .
this was my first time traveling internationally . i was so excited . i 'm not the best photographer , but i got some good pictures of the ancient buildings . this art was so beautiful . it was really cold this day , but i still found a good picture of the scenery . it was kind of dark in this restaurant , but the food was great !
the solemn look was appropriate in the cold a street scene in winter . people are walking in the street , around a large sculpture . the buildings are ornate , perhaps 18th century . a painting on a roof depicts a biblical scene people walking along a brick covered road , with some building ahead . poorly lighted bar in a basement with patrons .
after arriving to their destination , a photo is taken to commemorate the occasion . they walk through the grand city , exploring what types of attractions are available . after looking at historical murals , a picture is taken for later reference . a relaxing walk through the cold city reminds them how far from home they are . after a long day , the family settles down for a friendly chat and drinks .
a man takes a selfie in front of very large buildings . the people are walking around the town square . the ceiling and walls are decorated with paint and a lot of detail . people in thick coats are walking down an old road in a city . a woman and her boyfriend sit in a bench in a dark room
the town square was a vibrant place to shop . townspeople walked through the square to get to their boats in the morning . fishermen usually left the docks in the morning to work . the ocean was a fruitful way to make a living . this coastal city provided a way of life for the residents that kept everyone fed and productive .
a small shopping center with lots of people walking on stone road plants cover most of the sidewalk next to people eating in an outdoor restaurant . the boats were ready to set sail so that the fishing could begin greek ruins over looking a deep blue sea . dozens of ships stationed in their docks at a marina
overlooking the city we could tell that the trip would take a while . it was like looking at a town back in time . the people travel by donkeys here . the village is like stepping back hundreds of years , the fishing boats are what keeps this town in business .
the street is lined with small cafes and bustling with tourists . many markets are selling products down a winding pathway . a view of a marina , with boats moored along the walls . ruins of a building in front of a deep blue sea . a view of the boats that are on top of the waters .
it was the last day of our vacation . we went to grab a quick lunch . we decided to go on a boat ride since we had some time to kill . i was able to take some pictures during our boat ride . the ocean was perfect during our boat ride .
stone tiled bazaar under blue skies with pink flowers visible above . a market inside a street with a man wearing wearing a white shirt standing in one of the stalls . a man is on a fishing boat docked at the pier . ancient ruins sitting on a hill overlooks the sea . many boats are parked by the dock in the harbor .
i was going through an old album last week . there were so many old pieces of memorabilia in there . i had a lot of fun looking at all of the old photos . they all reminded me of good times . i was very happy to have found the album in the attic .
a black and white photograph of a group of people that are numbered 1 through 33 . a bah mitzvah invitation for some boys named [male] and [male] . a group of men and women are standing together dressed in suits and dresses . an 1861 school portrait featuring the entire school . several people sit in a dining area in a vintage black and white image .
i love my collection of posters . i have a musical one . i have some old photos that are very cool . there is one of children and teachers in black and white i like the one where people are around a table .
a group of people are posing for a picture . a flyer has musical notes and instruments that are drawn . the class of 1950 poses for a picture to remember the group by . a picture of an old photo of a family the black and white photo depicts a scene at a dinner table from the 1950 's .
an old photo of the family . here is another one of the members of the family in a cool and black white photo . rummaging through more stuff along with the old photos we found this old newspaper here is a more recent photo of the family , and they look great . yet another pic of the old family from a few years back . not as old as the first but still a good look back in time .
many people standing and sitting inside a room . a colorful and musical invitation to two kids 's bat miitzvah . older picture from the 1950s of teachers in a school . many people sitting and standing posing for a photo together . an older photo , with people gathered around a dinner table , and they are named
easter on the lake was a cold one this year ! the dock was frozen over ! the waves still crashed on the shore , but boy they were cold . inside our warm house , we had our decorations . we painted our eggs as usual . we watched the sun set as we cooked dinner .
a snow covered area with foliage around it . water washing up over rocks covered in ice with an island in the background . the plants and flowers are near the windows eggs have been painted as people and other things area outside with many trees leading to snow covering a dock by the water .
i 've never been to the cottage in the winter . the whole lake was frozen . you could literally walk across the the mountains in the distance . we laid out some candles to keep warm at night . the kids did some arts an crafts inside because it was too cold out . at the end of the week though the snow melted , it was nice while it lasted .
a beautiful winter scene of the docks and rocks snowy landscape that is abandoned and cold . candles , flowers and crystal ware on a small table hand-painted eggs are set out on a towel to dry . the sun is rising brightly above the lake .
the pond was frozen and covered with snow some of it was not covered in ice but it still was n't inviting . so , we all went inside to warm up and light up some candles . we made organization organization faces after that , we chatted until the sunset .
a snow-covered lake with boat docks in the ice the beautiful icy water sits at the base of the hills there are white candles on top of a table . some eggs have been decorated with various designs . night scene of the lake with lawn chairs and trees on the shore .
i came to visit family . my little sister was there . my brother wanted to have a drink . our cousin was taking a break . we all sat there and had a good time .
a man wearing a yellow striped shirt with a neutral expression . two people sit in a living space with a dark sofa a man with a dark drink in his hand staring to the side of the camera . girl reclining in a chair at night and looking at the camera a group of six people are hanging out in a living room playing a board game .
i was walking around town and noticed a bunch of cats sitting near a shop . i looked at the entrance and was drawn to it , being such a huge cat lover . i went in and found so many neat and wonderful things there , including these crowns with gems . i also was able to look through a bin of colored stones and gems , and i picked a few out . after buying a bag 's worth of craft supplies and gems , i went out of the store and went to the fruit market . it was a good day for shopping !
a young man facing sideways , not smiling for the camera . a boy laying on a couch and a girl sitting on the floor watching something . a man is sitting near christmas decorations and holding a wine glass . a blurry picture of a girl sitting in a darkly lit room . a group of friends some sitting on a couch and some on the ground with some wine glasses up front .
the man was not happy that the christmas party was happening . another guy got a drink and the girl looked at him as they were taking photos .
the man is staring with a straight face . the girl is sitting on the ground , while a man is laying on a black leather couch . a man sits drinking out of a wine glass by a christmas tree . a girl that is relaxing on a massage chair . people are gathered on a couch in front of a brick wall
driving on a sunny day in the car . driving behind an 18 wheeler is no fun . visiting the oddly shaped building . a giant sculpture of grapes . in hotel that overlooks the city .
a woman driving a car by corn fields in the daytime . the back of a large semi-truck driving through a lush green area the modern building is surrounded by triangular structures and green space . the big display of grapes can be seen from the side of the road . the city skyline was photographed from an airplane .
the woman was driving to vacation . she was following a very slow semi . she passed all kinds of strange buildings . she saw some very strange attractions . she arrived at her destination .
a young women with sunglasses driving a car . the photographer is behind a semi truck on a country road people walking out of a large religious building that has many sharp spikes on top . a large statue of a bunch of red grape sits in a field . a long view of a city full of skyscrapers .
having a blast on the summer roadtrip ! some slowdowns but nothing rains on our parade . our first scenic spot ! how fun ! a giant berry ! probably from a giant 's garden . a view of the whole city ! what a nice view .
a young lady driving a car with a cornfield in the background . the very big truck is white and it is on the road . unique structure seen near roadway with vehicle traffic . a giant grape sculpture is on the side of the road . an aerial view of skyscraper buildings in a city .
i saw the birthplace of rock 'n ' roll . there were some pretty houses around . this house was typical of the homes around there . but the commercial area had this incredible building that dominated everything . however , at night , this is lovely to see .
an [location] state historical marker that is honoring the birthplace of rock and roll . a row of homes in lined up in a residential area . a tan house with green trim and a wooden fence . the tall buildings have huge glass windows . a white building with a glass entrance has unusual architecture .
the little house on the corner was recently remodeled by the couple . they added a row of wooden fence along one side of the house . on the other side of the house , there is a row of metal fence . the window was freshly painted in a shade of blue . the couple lives in a historic town , outside town , there is a sign explaining the significance .
a historical marker in [location] that describes in great detail , the birthplace of rock ' n roll . a suburb with many large houses packed tightly together . a two story victorian house with a picket fence . several tall office buildings in a downtown area . the right side of the building is slanted .
location might not be considered a popular tourist attraction but there are some thing to look at . this is the house used in the movie christmas story . here is a better shot . location also has some interesting architecture . some of the architecture is post modern .
a placard of the ohio historical marker that describes rock 'n ' roll.|a placard of the ohio historical marker that describes rock 'n ' roll . large trees are growing over houses in a neighborhood the house has a wood picket fence around it . the tow buildingds are very tall and are covered with many windows a very modern building stands in the dark ; on the building lines bisect to form a square-patterned surface .
it 's time for the clipper city boating festival . the best tequila is being served . everybody enjoys a few drinks at sea . old friends meet and share a few laughs . the best part is the view of the city while on the boat !
a blue sign hanging from a table that reads clipper city . two bottles of tequila are set on the bar top hand holding a pink drink with black stir and orange wedge . two young woman holding their fancy drinks on a ship . a city with tall buildings is viewed from across the water .
people are meeting up at the restaurant to test their new liquor . this is a picture of it . this drink was made with the liquor . these two really like how it tastes . this city has lots of events like this .
a blue sign that reads `` clipper city '' is hung across the front of a wooden desk . two large bottles of tequila sit on a wood counter . the beverage is enjoyed by the edge of the ship two women wearing black cardigans and nametags are sitting outside with cocktails in their hands . tall skyscrapers beside a river on a cloudy day .
visiting somewhere new ! hung out in this village for the day how the houses were decorated.. watched them making bread by hand ! what a different view of the world !
a banner is attached to the legs of a table . two bottles of alcohol , tequila and bourbon , sitting on top of a bar . a person holds a drink against the backdrop of a body of water . two women are holding drinks and smiling for the camera the skyline of a city looms over a body of water on a cloudy day .
it was about time we treated ourselves to a nice dinner the menu was n't large , although it offered some classy options the lighting was ideal , and the food looked great . the presentation of food was typical fancy restaurant style where there was more plate than food and last of all , we tried a new kind of dessert
a smiling woman is sitting at a set table with a bottle of drink near her , a table sitting fiend schrade knife and fork . a folded napkin and menu the woman is showing the contents of her bowl during a meal . a small amount of well prepared expensive looking food . a desert is on the table in a glass cup near a tea light candle .
a woman and her husband went out to eat to celebrate their anniversary . the first course was a yummy salad . the next course was a pallet cleanser . after that she had a delicious main course . they ended the evening with yummy dessert .
the woman is sitting at a dining table with a menu in front of her . the menu sits on the table along side silverware . a woman is holding up a bowl of food a desert that may involve eels sits on a candle lit table . a lone light illuminates a glass containing a treat .
smiling while awaiting her meal . the menu filled with our meal options . showing off her first course . the main course is served . last but not least , dessert is served .
wine on the table and the woman is wearing a black shirt a menu for a restaurant called `` the wild kitchen '' the woman is holding up her bowl of food at the dinner table . beautiful presentation of white fish on a bead of polenta . a glass and a lit candle are on a table .
many people attended the demonstration . it was peaceful , and the weather was nice . the gentleman wore his uniform and carried flags to make a statement . flags were a prevalent part of the display . at the end of the day , everyone left the demonstration satisfied with it 's activities .
a picture crude of street performers with onlookers . many irish people holding up a sign in order to promote the holiday . a man wearing a kilt and holding an irish flag and bagpipes . a man carrying two flags in the street of his city . people are walking on a beige surface near some shrubs , a tall building , and an overpass .
i went for a walk along the river front today . there were some great waterfront properties that i got to see . this was a cool view i saw underneath a bridge . there was also an ethnic celebration going on further upstream . people were quite exuberant about the day , it was great to see .
people sitting down playing music for people to hear . wizard in green robes with other performers seen in open plaza . a man i uniform is standing out in the sun the man is holding two different flags on flag poles . the picture of four people standing and talking on the sidewalk is blurry .
the festival featured musical talent playing various instruments . the festival featured a combination of irish and other cultures . this man , in a kilt was celebrating both irish and japanese culture this man admires both countries flags . at the end of the day , the crowds began to disperse .
musicians are sitting next to a walking path playing as people walk by men dressed in green holding a guiness sign . a man outdoors in a kilt and an irish flag . a man standing in sand or dirt is holding the flag of [location] in his right hand and the flag of [location] in his left hand . a blurry picture of people standing in the middle of the street
a train pulled through a quiet city . the city had a lovely duck pond with a bridge over it . a duck was wandering along the banks of the pond . people in the town were milling about for a town event . there was one man carrying a large drum .
yellow and black train is parked along the train track . beautiful serene pond with cross bridge and trees in the rear . two geese stand at the edge of a lake , and one is flapping its wings . a large group of people some in costume , celebrating what looks like mardi gras in [location] [location] . man in a band walking down a city street
the train finally arrived in the city . it had passed by beautiful countryside to get there . wildlife was abundant in the country . the city was very crowded ! there were people everywhere , doing all sorts of things to entertain tourists .
a large yellow train coming down railroad tracks through a city birds can be seen in the lake in front of the bridge . 2 geese , 1 white , 1 grey and white , next to body of water walking around in the crowd and not liking it that well . men beating drums and blowing horns in a parade
we went to a few places today . the trainyard for one . next we went to the park , where we saw some ducks ! these two were a riot . we want to invite them to the next party ! afterwards we went to the city , where some parade was going on . it was interesting . afterwards we went home and ate dinner
a yellow train riding underneath some wires and poles . the birds enjoyed the pond as the people watched some geese are passing by a park trail . the street outside the hotel was crowded with people old men playing drums and horns while on the street .
we were so excited to be going on vacation in location . when we arrived we drove to our village and admired the scenery . we found our lodging and decided we should explore before it got dark . we traveled along a path through the village and looked in awe at the beauty of our surroundings . location is a unique location to visit , the village we stayed at was amazing . i ca n't wait to return again next year .
a large hut building made out of makeshift material in a forest area . a tan building with a steep pitched roof . the exterior of a building under a branch of autumn leaves . this is a cabin and outside it shows a lot of bamboo trees wooden pole fence lined with scare crows all in a line
i went on an island vacation and stayed at a bungalow . here is another view of my room . it looks quite pretty through these red and yellow leaves . here is the view outside the back door . there were some scary decorations here but they made for a great photo .
the roof of a japanese house is made out of straw an old village house in a forest land brown and red leaves on tree in front of house with brown roof . bench on lawn in front of house . a wooden fence encircles rows of bamboo trees . the colorfully dressed scarecrows are along the fence
i had a great time on vacation last week . i stayed in a traditional hut . it was a beautiful location . the place was very clean for being outdoors . i had a lot of projects to do while i was there .
the trees around the hut are green and bright red and orange . light colored house with wide steps and trees in front a house surrounded by trees , one of which is an oak tree changing for fall . a simple wooden door slides open to reveal a bamboo forest in the background . a wooden fence with handmade women scarecrows overlooking a farm .
the woman decided to go for a bike ride along the beach . the photographer set up for an action shot , with the beach and waves in the background . the photographer then caught the woman racing toward him . during the ride , they snapped photos of the water and the sand . at the end of the ride , she posed for a picture . she had a great time on the ride .
[male] always took a ride by the water to relax his mind the sands that are next to the shores of the beach . a large body of water with a sandy beach . a warmly dressed person posed with their bicycle in the city a building that is next to the shore of the beach .
riding bikes next to the ocean was how [female] stayed in shape . the view was amazing so it helped to clear her mind . the sound of the waves crashing against the sand kept her focused on peddling . [female] stopped for a bit at her 1 mile point . when she would reach the beach house 5 miles away from her apartment she would turn around and go home .
alone , the man pedaled his bike through the empty streets . rocks are scattered along a desolate beach during the day the ocean section features an empty sandy beach . a girl in a coat and hat poses on top of her bicycle outside . waves hitting the sand shore with building with steps leading
today was rather chilly but i rode my bike to the beach anyways . i 'm getting closer . finally , me on my bike at the beach in the winter . the view was awesome . i stayed until sunset but left before the sun went down because it gets really cold with no sunshine .
a man is riding a bike on the street . a long beach with blue water coming up in waves rough waves are crashing into the shore line . a girl on a bike poses by a post in her cold weather gear . the ocean waves approach a deserted beach on a fair day .
i was watching the fireworks last weekend . there were a ton of them . i really enjoyed them all . the pictures came out great . i ca n't wait for next time .
fireworks explode in the black night sky . a cluster of fireworks that are shot up in the sky . a somewhat long exposure shot of a firework going off . a large white fire work exploding in the night sky . large , bright fireworks explode in the night sky .
watching fireworks show for the 4th of july . a firework going up the sky . this was a huge one . huge explosion over our heads . god bless location and the home of the brave .
large display of colorful fireworks exploding in air at night . red fireworks in the sky with a white streak showing another one going up . a huge white firework exploding in the night sky . bright white fireworks exploding in a night sky . an image of multiple fireworks exploding in the sky
fireworks and the 4th of july and it 's beautiful . the different colors and shapes and sizes were amusing . this one is my favorite because of how big it was . the meaning of the fireworks are symbolic and have my respect . there was a big bang at the end and i loved it .
the fireworks at night really attract our eyes especially when it has different kinds of colors a red firework is bursting above remains of other red explosions . a colorful array of fireworks in the sky a blurry picture of lights appears to show an explosion . a fireworks show is taking place at night .
getting the party stared with a few drinks . having fun a the party and smiling . must be a special party as the king has arrived . looks like the party is over as the king is leaving . not everyone is leaving , two die hard party girls stay behind .
a woman texting on her phone next to a man in a yellow hat . man holding red cup next to woman wearing white hat two asian women are smiling on either side of an asian man . two middle aged men in bright patterned shirts with cameras man with a tattoo image on his back under tent .
it was cocktail night at the [male] johnson . [female] got so drunk she broke her expensive necklace . [male] found a hat under the bar and started saying he was king of the fat chicks . someone wrote [male] 's number and call for a good time on a sticker . they placed it on the back of [male] 's shirt [female] decided she would go home with [male] for the night and told her friend [female] she could find another ride home .
woman holds her phone and laughs as man wears silly hat a man and a woman hug each other as she holds a camera and he drinks from a mug . th three people gathered together for a picture three men in hawaiian shirts , one man wearing a paper hat and holding a camera . a man removes his shirt to reveal a large tattoo .
[male] and his wife were having a great time that night at the restaurant . [male] 's wife phoned their daughter and son-in-law , and also one of [male] 's friends , to come eat and drink with them . the family enjoyed the food and the drinks , but the family weas careful not to drink too much . [male] 's friend , however , did n't care how much he drank . [male] and his wife had their photo taken with the restaurant hostess , a lovely lady who had worked there for seven years . [male] did n't drink too much that evening , but his friend drank so much that he did n't remember what happened later that night . [male] 's friend woke up the next morning with a terrible hangover , and never remembered how he got that tattoo on his back .
the couple is enjoying the joke from the cell phone . the man pulled her in while he drank his coffee a man and two women posing for a picture two men wearing button down shirts smiling while one has a crown on . a man showing off his tattooed back to another man
we went on a cruise for vacation . the boat we were on was huge . when you stand in front of it , it makes you feel very small . we were impressed with how much people it could carry . it took us to the location where we had a good time .
a cruise ship in calm water in a harbor setting what a huge ship on the ocean about ready to take off . the top part of a cruise ship with the word `` aida '' the large cruise ship has a giant eye logo painted on it . a cruise ship is visible in a harbor with a monument of a propeller in the foreground .
the dock was long and there was a ship that had blue eyes . the people waited for the ship to leave .
a big white and blue cruise ship siting at a dock . a picture of the back of a cruise line or yacht a view of the top several decks of a cruise ship . a very big boat that is in the ocean . a cruise liner sits pretty on the dock in the harbor .
every sunday after church , organization , [female] , and anelle loved to observe the cruise ships as they passed by ; designers had gotten so creative in recent years . one ship was made to look like a lady . she even had great big red lips . another had a yellow sports car painted on the side . marg 's husband [male] , however , preferred to fish off the pier and shoot the breeze with his grandson .
a very large cruise ship docked in the port . a cruise ship is at the dock anchored with many ropes . a large cruise ship towering up into the sky a cruise boat is seen with blue and yellow colors . a ship docked in a port that has palm trees on the opposing side of the dock .
celebrating new years around the world . the worlds map , and the countries celebrating new year . different cultures performing . different varieties of food . presentation of food and cultures on new years day .
a table spread of a variety of snacks and informative displays . a map of the world holds pins at certain locations people are standing in the room talkig to each other a lot of food is prepared for consumption . the display has food and information boards on the table .
we brought in food that people have on new years from other places . we put a pin on the map for each area we represented . people from different cultures spoke about their customs . we ate different foods from just about everywhere . it was a fun day for all of us .
food being displayed on tables with facts on signs behind them push pins on a world map hanging on a wall a group of individuals , some in foreign garb , hold a meeting . the buffet table is all set up and ready for people to come and eat . this sampling of food is representative of irelands favorite foods .
my friend and i love to travel . we 've been to most of the countries in location . we 've visited both coasts in the states . i like to bring home souvenirs from places i visit . sometimes i have to sell things to make money for these trips .
several display tables that have posters and food items on the tables . a map of the world with several thumb tacks stuck in different areas . an image of a group of people that are having a speech woman are talking to each other next to tables with food trays a breakfast buffet is displayed on the table .
the three ladies are happy to see each other . the tree is decorated and displayed . the tables are set and prepared for food . the drinks are laid out on the table . the presents are abundant this year .
an older man sits and watch two kids read a book . a small boy sits in a chair by the christmas tree a table sit with plates and foods a living room is decorated and filled with presents for christmas . a man sits with his son and plays card games with him .
kid opening his christmas gift and using them . he is laying back on his new chair laughing and having fun . christmas breakfast is on the table . a picture of the christmas tree and all the gifts . dad and son playing cards at the kitchen table .
a man is watching two children when reading a story book a child is overjoyed by the christmas presents he received . a table is decorated and set with fancy dishes . a living room is adorned with christmas decorations and unopened presents . a older man and a young boy playing cards at a table
the holidays were wonderful for my family this year . the kids were having a blast and were very well behaved . the table was set nicely for our holiday meal . there were tons of gifts available for everyone ! we ended the night by playing cards and talking .
girl leaning over a reading boy next to a man . a child in a recliner is laughing heartily . a nice christmas dinner plate and setting is out on the table . a man sitting on the living room with christmas presents a man and a young boy are playing cards on a table .
dad decided it was time to do some home improvement . first he got out his trusty caulk gun . then he applied the caulk to the piece of wood . he carefully climbed the ladder . he then placed the wood around the door frame .
older gentleman wearing a hat and face mask around neck a man is loading up a cauk gun . a man uses a glue gun to bind items together . a man standing on a ladder fixing a caulk gun . man on ladder putting a board on a building .
hank was starting some home repairs that he 's put off for too long . while working on the door frame , he noticed that his equipment was n't working properly . he shook it and tried to fix it but nothing seemed to work . he took a real close look and realized his mistake . hank was holding it the wrong way and went back to working on the door .
an older man with a facemask working on a project a person is holding a caulking gun with two hands . this is an older gentlemen doing some outside work . a man stands on a ladder while checking on something a man stands on a ladder to repair a doorframe .
we hired someone to fix our house . he had to caulk some stuff . he was pretty good at it . he was fixing our door frame first . i 'm glad we hired him .
an older man concentrating hard on his work . a man in a brownish tshirt holds a caulking gun . an older man holds a caulking gun to do his work on a piece of lumber outside . a man stands on a ladder as he examines one of his tools . a man on a ladder is working on a door frame .
today was the day . everyone was there . including us ! we ate lots of food . and danced too !
a large white building with many red window shades . the street outside of the cafe is crowded with pedestrians . the family of three poses for a picture . a stack of bread is piled on each other . a woman in glasses throws out her arms in joy .
my family and i decided to take a trip into the quaint city . we walked around and enjoyed the many different markets . we were having a great time seeing a city much different from our own . the bread market was my favorite and the rolls were delicious ! i posed in front of my favorite market .
a white building with many windows that have red coverings . people filled the street to see the vendors and shops . man , woman and teen daughter all with glasses smiling in foreground of a business building a collection of mushrooms that are next to each other . a woman with extended arms inside of a store .
we had arrived in location for the first time ... we immediately hit the streets and were excited . it was all smiles for the family ... because they had finally reached the bakery and , you can tell that [male] was ecstatic for the pastries !
two buildings side by side of business in a clean environment a busy street has many signs hanging along it . three people that all wear glasses smiling for a photo golden tan mushroom tops grouped together in a pile . a woman standing in the middle of a store , smiling and holding up her hands .
we had to go visit the gay capitol of the world after gar marriage was legalized . our trip was truly amazing , the city streets were just as steep as we thought they were . our friends got married as soon as they got there . we got the chance to take a look at the scenery around location location with views of the golden gate . we finished our day with a lovely walk through golden gate park .
a group of three friends walk casually down a park road in the winter . trolley tracks line a steep hill that heads down to the ocean . a bride and groom standing on the beach , with the [location] [location] [location] in the background . a view of the [location] [location] and the [location] [location] [location] . group of people outdoors at park playing at sunset
walking on campus , making plans to attend my friend 's wedding . we 've arrived at our destination . great scenery . there 's the happy bride & groom . what a nice couple they make . this is where they had the reception . gorgeous spot and romantic , too . that 's us picnicing the next day before we have to return home . hate to leave .
a smiling group of people walks down a path towards the viewer . a street that has trolley tracks in it . a bride and groom stand on the beach with a bridge in the background . buildings are on the hillside above a beach and its ocean a large crowd of people lounge around a green field bordered by trees and halved by a paved foot path .
my friends and i took a morning walk on the trail . when the sun was up , we drove around the city to explore . we found this lovely couple getting married on the beach . we invited them to go out that night and they accepted . the following morning we had a picnic in the park .
group of people that are walking down sidewalk during the day a picture taken facing downhill with cars aligned on the side of the road . a wedded couple are walking along the beach in front of the [location] [location] [location] and [location] [location] [location] , barefoot , while smiling candidly at the camera . the ocean , with a mountain and a bridge on the horizon . green lawns and a walkway set in a cemetery .
the news reporters have all come out to get the lead story on the new mayor . all of the cities orginations come together to shake the mayor 's hand . the mayor has many conversations with the people who voted for him . he even takes time to thank all the hard work done on his campaign . at the end of the day he takes a last photo with his wife who has worked the hardest with her husband to become mayor .
a news anchor talks to a suited man while a cameraman stands filming . group of girls meeting a man outside . a man and woman in the political field stand in front of an historic painting . group of men and women posing for photograph two adults smile and pose together at an indoor event .
everyone was eager to make introductions . and young members of the community were awestruck . back inside people were mingling . a group picture was taken but so many people were there many were left out . too of the big wigs met later on in the evening .
a woman is interviewing a man in a suit a man greeting little girls who are dressed in colorful outfits . a man and a woman are dressed up and talking . the group is standing together talking and eating . a man and woman are posing together for a picture
welcome to the annual meeting of the kids who like [female] hood . we shook all the hands of these children . we welcomed the writer of one of the [female] hood books . i gathered all the people together who brought this together . here are the two main people they feel robin hood is important .
a female reporter holding a blue folder with a man standing next to her in a formal building and a cameraman in front of them . people are standing outside of a city in the day a woman wearing a sash speaking to a man . group of adults gathered in entry for photo opportunity . a man wearing red glasses stands with a smiling woman in a large room with other people .
everyone is listens as a speech is made . the two ladies smile for the camera . two guests take a selfie together . its possible that they are singing . the two guests laugh and have a great time .
a man standing on a stage in a bat . a couple of women with colorful hair sit at a table drinking beers a couple wearing glasses taking a candid photo at the bar . a group of friends are singing karoke at the bar . a man and woman share a giggle and some physical contact .
everyone was heading down to the bar for karaoke night . we met some new friends who bought us some drinks . my friend [male] was pushing us to go up and sing . all of us decided we would head up and sing a song together . we had a great night singing and dancing the night away .
a man that is singing into the mic on stage . no they were not embarrassed about the color of their hair two people standing together , posing for a picture . the couple at the bar decided to sing to each other the man and woman are both laughing together .
the fourth of july celebration was a lot of fun . everyone from work came . [female] took pictures with the guy she liked from the accounting department . after getting shit-faced , they decided to call it a night . but [female] and the guy from the accounting department hooked up .
group of adults enjoying gathering at local establishment . the two ladies are enjoying a beer at the restaurant . a man and a woman in a bar pose , smiling , for the camera . adults singing karaoke at indoor local bar scene . the adult man and woman are laughing together .
we set up our beach chairs in the sand . the boats took off giving tours around the water . he walked slowly observing the sand . there were so many beach-goers this year . most of us relaxed in the sun getting a tan .
a group of people looking at a train on the track . the black train is slowing down to the town a rural setting of a small town taken from a train . three women standing together near red and white striped beach chairs a kid wearing no shoes is walking with a fishing pole .
a family decides to take a train trip to a local beach . the conductor of the train announces that they are pulling out of station . the family enjoys the scenery along the train route . the family finally arrives at the beach and rents classic beach chairs . the family spends the rest of the day enjoying the beach .
a bunch of people standing in front of a train a young man sticks his body out of the engine compartment of a steam engine train a stone ruins on a steep hill overlooking a village . three woman standing on the pavement at the beach . a boy carrying a fishing rod walking on a brick pier
about to get on the train . taking a train ride to the shore . the view from the train . family day at the beach . boy about to go fishing .
three men , one boy and one woman are standing alongside a train track , looking at the train engine . the engineer 's head and torso can be seen outside the train . an old train with three people inside . one man is hanging out the window . a view of the buildings can be seen in the distance . two women scope out the beach , looking for a good open spot . a man with his fishing tools that is walking .
it was a bright sunny day at the park . i was out and about , enjoying the clear air and weather . i met up with two of my friends , we laughed at some of the pictures we took of wind toys . here is one wind toy . it is a brightly colored flower . here is another set of wind toys , set up to look like bike wheels . they are also brightly colored .
a scenic view on a sunny day from a hilltop . the man in the sunglasses smiles for the camera three men standing looking at a digital camera in a field a five colored flower pinwheel sits in a red bucket . colorful wind ornaments on display in a courtyard .
our family went to the lake last saturday . my husband , [male] , had a really good time there . [male] and his buddies enjoy hanging out and doing 'guy ' things together . a vendor was selling beautiful garden spinners . these are the two we bought . i think they 'll looking lovely in our backyard .
a picture of an open field and a sky . the man in the dark shirt is smiling for his photo while people are sitting and walking along the creek bank . three men standing outside in an area full of trees laughing . a large pinwheel is brightly colored with six different colors , each petal is a different color . the colorful spinners were next to each other
it 's a beautiful day . everyone is hanging by the river . these guys are having a lot of fun . the wind is blowing the whirly . the town is enjoying the wind and the sun .
the sky is blue with some clouds and yellow flowers are blooming a man looks forward , while many people behind him enjoy the view of the river . three men are in a field laughing and looking at an object the spinning flower is outside in the yard two multi-colored wheels adorn the sidewalk of an indeterminate location .
my friends and i met up for the 4th of july . we went into the city to see the fireworks show . we could see some of the fireworks over the harbor . the finale was pretty intense . the final firework was pretty big .
the woman sticks out her tongue and plugs her ears yachts float on a body of water at night . colorful fireworks light up the night sky over a city . fireworks going off in the distance at night . large colorful display of fireworks going off at night .
the bay was filling up with boats , everyone wanted the best spot to watch the fireworks . the fur children were not as excited . we invited friends over for a casual party . the balcony provided a great view . the fireworks were beautiful , especially since we did n't have to brave the crowds .
a girl sits between two men and sticks her tongue out . several boats of different sizes on the water at night . a far in the distant picture of a fireworks celebration . the fireworks could be seen from a distance the night sky is lit up with yellow lights from the fireworks .
friend spending time together . the view from the apartment . the show has started . fireworks going up the sky . the grand finale .
two men and a woman sit holding solo cups , the woman is sticking out her tongue . many white boats on a blue body of water at night . red and blue fireworks are exploding in the night sky fire works are seen from a distance lighting up the night sky . the fireworks are lighting up the night sky .
we had a little shoot out for my wife 's birthday this week . there was plenty of beer for everyone . we set up an elaborate shooting range for my wife , and gave her the gun , loaded with explosive rounds as a joke . she shot and blew up the whole range , it scared her really bad !
a whirlwind firework sitting on a cluttered wooden desk . a glass bottle of lone star beer on a table several sticks are stuck in the ground with silver buckets hanging off of them . a woman with a ponytail is shooting a rifle a bonfire is being lit in a backyard .
the family gathered to celebrate the 4th of july . we made dinner and built a gun firing range . my husband showed his rifle gun accuracy . one of our family members brought a flame thrower . during the night , we watched the fireworks from our backyard .
several different fireworks laid out on a table . a bottle of lone star beer sits on a table wooden posts driven into a grassy area with buckets hanging from them and wooden boards behind them . a woman with a pony tail aims a rifle to shoot . large fire on a grassy area inside a fence .
there favorite beer . making a home made shooting range . practicing and firing shots . fire exploding in the backyard . the firework show is starting .
various objects are sitting on a wooden surface . lone star beer bottle is on the table . the many buckets are attached to the wooden posts a redheaded woman is aiming a gun near a brick wall . yellow light flames coming from a tree which is a display for fireworks
miss teen doll was excited about receiving her package in the mail . she had been waiting for weeks , watching at the window everyday for the mailman to arrive . she had passed the time by hanging out with mr. fluffy kitty . mrs. fluffy kitty was jealous and demanded attention . miss teen doll took her new guitar out of the package and sat down to jam .
doll standing next to slanted wooden board with numerous stickers . a small doll placed near a window on a train a cat is laying next to a doll with a headband . the cat was very confused by the doll but couldnt resist curiosity . a statue of a girl holding a guitar going to play it .
i had a photo session with my favorite doll . she is so philosophical sometimes , gazing out the window , lost in thought . the cat likes her too , they were having a good time . the cat really likes her , he even gave her a kiss ! she finished the session posing with her guitar , she 's such a good musician .
a doll wearing skater cloths and a bandana is posed next to a cardboard box covered in labels . the china doll is looking out the window the cat looks annoyed to be sitting next to the doll . a cat that is getting to know the doll . a rockstar doll dressed in black holding a guitar .
[female] la chola is chilling on some boxes . she then peaks outside to see if her homegirls are around . not being able to find her homegirls she sits down . a huge cat comes and gets all up in location face . [female] then starts chilling with the cat .
a gothic style bratz doll posed near a box the doll is wearing a bandana and is placed by the window . a cat finds a good spot to rest next to a doll . this image is of a cat sniffing a doll . large doll sits on stage with electric guitar on hand .
nachos and cheese ! everyone gathering enjoying the food . sombrero to block all this sun and the pinata is almost in two pieces . [female] i have a dr. pepper ?
the festival was in full swing and all of mexico was in celebration . a young man wearing a sombrero posing for the camera . the cheese dip was a hit at the outdoor event this weekend . kids stand around as their friend prepares to hit a tinfoil box . someone hitting a pinata with a baseball bat
my friends and i went to this great party with these killer nachos . block style outside in the beautiful sun . my hat protected me from getting burnt . i think we may have had a few too many coronas . eventually the cops came to break it all up .
a vehicle with the sign [organization] [organization] [organization] on the windshield . a young man wearing a sombrero with his arms in the air holding a cup . a plate that has a lot of food items in it . a teenage boy prepared to bat at a homemade pinata . someone is hitting foil-covered boxes with a baseball bat while others watch .
some friends hung out together on cinco de mayo . they all bought huge sombreros to wear . they enjoyed some delicious nachos dipped in cheese . finally they took a swing at a pinata . they broke it open and scrambled for the candy !
the windshield is covered by signs saying [organization] [organization] [organization] . a young man wearing a largestraw hat is holding up his arms one with a drink near a modern large building and a woman . a person holding a plastic bowl of nachos and cheese man with a baseball and sandals in a readied stance in front of a lightpost a new program at the local high school gives recognized bullying students a chance to express their inner rage .
[male] bought the perfect ring to propose to his girlfriend , and she accepted it ! they got engaged in the beautiful trees located on the beach . and celebrated their new engagement by watching the sunset , but of course only after they got some pictures of their engagement location .
a silver ring and a big diamond on top of a rock a woman stands holding hands with a taller man , in front of loosely constructed stone wall . the bamboo stems have green leaves at the top of them . the last rays of the sun shine out over the ocean . a young couple enjoying a walk through a bamboo path .
my beautiful engagement ring . me and my significant other posing . the forest was unbelievable . the sunsets in location are the most captivating . me and my husband walking through this amzaing forest .
the silver ring is lying down on the black rock . a couple stands in sandals in shorts in front of a rock wall . tall bamboo like trees are densely position in the forest . sun rising or setting over a rocky shore a guy and girl pose on the trail of an exotic looking locatioin .
my wife posed with her new ring . she wanted to keep taking pictures after that . i told her we should go see why people were gathering in the village . after that event , we took pictures at our cabin . she was so lovely , i snapped this shot of her on the beach before we left the island .
a diamond ring that is stuck in a rock . a smiling couple in shorts and sandals pose in front of a rough stone wall . the bamboo is growing tall on the small hill . the sunset was about to occur in the valley . a couple poses in a walkway through a dense forest .
i like cats . they are a pain though . he 's looking to get in trouble . like chewing on my ear . ow !
a cat sits at a window sill in the day time a cat with a blue collar viciously attacking a plant small house cat that is sitting on a window ledge and looking out . the cat is chewing the ear of her owner . a cat on a back of a couch nibbling at a girl 's ear .
i absolutely love my new kitty . i adopted her from the spca . she loves to play with things . she loves to look out the window . she is really friendly towards me even though i just got her . i just ca n't get enough of her !
a cat sits on a window sill shielded by blinds . a cat is in the window playing with a plant . the small house cat is sitting on the window sill . a woman taking a selfie with a cat licking her ear the womans cat is biting on her ear and she is happy .
the cat always waited for her to come home . it would wait by the window for her everyday . she loved her cat like a child . the cat loved her unconditionally also . they spent a lot of their time together .
this is acat seated on the counter at the window a cat batting at a plant on a window sill . the cat wearing a neck ring is standing on the window pane lookin outside a grey cat that is biting on an ear a lady is sitting on a couch while a cat nibbles on her ear
tavi had a great fourth birthday . he played games . and learned a few things too ! of course no birthday is complete without cake . it was a great day !
a mother and son holding up fingers to the camera . hey small child looking at cards in front of his grandparents him an adult and three children play with toys . a decadent chocholate cake with berries and dump truck garnishes a little kid with a paper crown standing on the hill .
it was a very special birthday for tavi this year . he and his friends had some snacks while waiting for everyone to arrive . then came the gifts , each exiting him more . and what birthday would be complete without a cake ! at the end of the party he reminds us he is now 4 .
a young boy with a hat on held by his mother , holding up four fingers . a grandma and grandpa watching their `` king '' grandson as he learns the rules of card playing . a candid shot of them making some cool crafts together . chocolate cake decorated with yellow toy construction equipment . the boy wearing a crown hat raises his arms in victory .
for his fourth birthday , we had a birthday party for our son . a lot of people were invited and attended including our son 's grandparents . making a special appearance were some of our son 's friends from pre-school . our son is obsessed with construction machinery , so we made him a chocolate cake with some of his favorite machines . at the end of the party , our son was thrilled .
an image of a mom and her son holding up his age a little boy wearing a crown and three adults playing with cards . a woman playing with toys with a few children on a table . the toy construction vehicles are taking apart the chocolate cake . a young boy with a paper crown raises his arms on a grassy hill .
we took a drive to the beach one day . when we got there , the scenery was gorgeous . the lighthouse was so picturesque ! the bluffs we also witnessed were amazingly beautiful . they overlooked the gorgeous beach , too !
a straight highway with broken white lines surrounded by flat land . a ligthouse is on the distance of a dry green field the low angle view of a white stone light house . a beautiful river runs between these large land masses . a rock formation is split in half by the ocean .
we traveled by car to the bay . off in the distance , we spotted a lighthouse . up close , the lighthouse was huge . we were able to go up in the lighthouse and the view was awesome . there were many rocks jutting up from the water .
an empty road goes off into the distance . a lighthouse is seen in the distance on a sunny day . a man posing in front of the door of a lighthouse a beautiful landscape includes rock formations and water two large rocks just out of the ocean on a clear , sunny day .
we stayed close by this weekend with a day trip . there 's so much to see not far from home . this lighthouse has tons of history but is still in use . i ca n't believe i 've never been here before and it 's only car ride away . we will return soon to enjoy these stunning views .
an open road with a white broken line down the middle of it , and clouds in a blue sky . a scenic view of a light house next to the water . a person standing at the red door of a white light house two mountains with a river flowing through them and trees in the front . gentle waves crash against a rock formation in the water
old england day is a great festivity . everyone in town dresses up and participates , even the mayor ! of course [female] is always the fair princess . [female] loves listening to the music at the dance . the costumes are the most fun , especially the masks .
a man wearing chain mail stands near a large group of other people . the man in the robes has a red hat . a woman is wearing a light brown dress a woman wearing a fur stole and gauzy hat smiles . a attractive female wears a mask at a costume party
we found ourselves at a renaissance type costume party , and it was quite a show . the costumes were so realistic . there were princesses and other royalty . there were also regular people in costumes from the time . it was quite a party , and we decided next year that we 'd dress up and join in on the fun .
a man dressed in mesh chains , a red apron and a metal hat stares fearlessly forward . a man is wearing a decorative hat on his head the woman is dressed nicely with a hand made dress and accessories to match . the women is dressed in fancy clothes and has her eyes closed . a woman in a masquerade costume including mask and hat .
the renaissance faire was so much fun . i dressed up like a princess . my best friend dressed up like a princess as well . her mom decided to look like [female] [female] . [female] just went in her normal dress .
a man wearing chain mail is dressed as a knight . at the fair , the king made his royal appearance . a woman in renassaince clothing is smiling for the camera a woman dressed in fur and leaning back with her eyes closed a women with a mardi-gras style mask and elegant costume .
this little guy had a ton of fun at the beach . looking around at all the footprints was fascinating . and of course we had to start making some sandcastles . though he wanted a bit of help eventually ! we left our footprints as a brief hint that we 'd been there before leaving .
a toddler wears a red vest on a windy day at the beach . two people on a beach making foot prints in the sand little boy with red vest playing it the sand two children dressed for cold weather dig into the sand at a beach . a close up of some steps in the sand .
we had a fun day at the beach . we played many games in the sand . it got into our boots . we had to shake out our shoes . afterward we went home for some food .
a small boy in a red vest stands on a beach . an adult and a little boy are having fun making footprints in the sand . the baby is sitting down in the sand . woman and son playing on the beach of the ocean footprints are left in the sand of a beach
on the trip to the beach little [male] had a great time in the sand . we got to look at our footprints and play by the water . he had a great time pushing the sand around . he was very interested in seeing all the footprints . as we left the beach i caught the footprints of [male] .
a little boy is taking a picture while standing in the sand on the beach . a woman holds the hand of a small child as they stand on the beach . a child wearing a red sleeveless coat plays in the sand . two kids on the sand floor are riding up hill with their hands footprints made by the same shoes are visible in the sand .
the road just behind the lake lay hidden , masked by a large hill , but it was the quickest point to get there . passing by the road , almost every day , he wondered where it might lead and what might be on the other end . the countryside was filled with houses that seemed almost hidden , tucked gently into the hillside . one of the donkeys always seemed to sneak off , gleefully finding mischief to get into . the waves began to grow more and more choppy as the day passed and the onlookers knew a storm would soon be coming .
two rut road going around a large rocky and green hill . the road splits in a y shape going into the dessert . the mountainside is grassy and dirty with some dry spots a donkey standing in grass by a stone wall . waves crashing against a shore line that is mountainous
i was out driving to the cliff-side shore last week . i saw a lot of wildlife along the way . when i got there the view was spectacular . there were so many huge rock formations out in the ocean . i watched the sea for about an hour and then i drove back home .
a narrow grassy road alongside the coast takes sudden dips and turns . a trail that leads into the middle of the mountain . a small farmhouse sitting amist rolling hills a farm animal with a red rope standing on a slope . a calm day on the water and a shoreline in the distance
after driving for a while on this coastal road , we arrived at a crossroads . which way to go ? we took the left fork and soon passed this small farm . we were greeted by this curious donkey , and rewarded with stunning views .
scene of mountains and a road with water between the mountains . a view of a small path going up a grassy hill . the house is in a rural area and it 's a dreary looking day . an image of a baby donkey with spots on it the sky above the water has white clouds
we joined hands on a tropical island . we stand before our dinner table feeling the moment . how gorgeous the evening will be after the lovely sunset . the sky is as breathtaking and nothing else can compare . our first night together is all about love .
a wedding couple that is having an event next to the waters . bride and groom standing next to a table by a pool . the husband and wife pose for a beautiful picture a clear sky with clouds and the sun peeking out nicely decorated bed awaits guests for intimate evening .
it was the day of my wedding and time to say my vows . after we had said our vows it was time to pray before we ate dinner . dinner was at sunset , and the view was amazing . we left for our honeymoon just as the last of the light was leaving . we were so happy to make it to the hotel , ask we wanted was sleep .
bride and groom standing underneath an archway together outdoors . the bride and groom are standing on the edge of the water . a couple stands on the beach during the sunset in wedding attire . the sun is peeking out from behind clouds over the beach a bed ha rose petals spelling out the word love and forming two hearts .
it was the big wedding day . the ceremony took place in late afternoon . the groom handed a bouquet to an attendee . the sunset was perfect that evening . the bride and groom took a picture to remember this special day forever .
this is a beautiful outdoor wedding ceremony by the ocean . a bride and groom consider a table beset with food at an outdoor reception on beach . a bride and groom are taking pictures on the beach . the sun setting over the mountains seen from a beach . a made bed with flower decorations of two intertwined hearts and the word love .
the hollywood sign could be seen from miles away . we got a view of the entire city . the only things you could see in the horizon were buildings . the streets were empty . we went to dinner and a walk at location location location location .
the hollywood sign is in the distance on a mountain a man and woman are posing for a picture . camera overlooking a large city with numerous buildings a residential street lined with palm trees on either side . cars , truck , vans and suv 's are parked on either side of the street . a lit up arch sign at night for a harbor .
[female] and [male] were planning a trip . they rented a motor home and headed west . they saw the famous hollywood sign , and location . but both of them loved something even more . the loved location location location location best .
several large white letters sitting on a hill seen from a distance . a man and a woman standing on top of a building . a large city is beneath a clear sky road shot of a group of cars underneath blue sky and palm trees a sign for the santa monica pier is lit up by neon lights
couple sets out on a location tour . this rv was rented to reduce hotel issues , and wear and tear on their car . first stop iconic hollywood . houses of the stars , etc . looking down on the endless sprawl of location next they will return the rv and take a house boat out from this location .
a view of the [location] sign in [location] the man and woman take a look over the balcony the haze of the clouds overcast the city below . street in tropical climate lined with palm trees the entrance to the harbor was lit with a huge marquee
christmas is a wonderful time of year all the lights are beautiful and the holiday cheer makes for incredible nights the malls get into the season because they want more sales
a christmas tree is lit up in all blue lights . the christmas tree is lit up with blue lights . the christmas tree is lit up in the middle of the town square . a well decorated tree bough is above the doorway . there are wreaths hanging from all of the doors .
christmas is a wonderful celebration . usually , you can see christmas trees all over . sometimes they show up in malls or town centers . they are usually decorated with lights and sometimes with colorful ornaments . christmas is a special time of each year , decorations and all .
the blue christmas tree is very pretty at night time . the tree lit up in a rather odd and unique color at night time . small crowds gathered around a beautifully decorated christmas tree a christmas wreath decorated with green , blue , gold and purple ornaments hangs from a wall . the decorations hanging from the light fixtures were all hand made
the pyramid was blue and there were pretty lights with the ornaments . the lights were bright in the lamps .
a picture of a christmas tree lighting is shown . a christmas tree that stands in the middle of the building . a tree stands in a mall , illuminated by blue lights , as people move around it . ornaments and string lights are on a christmas tree christmas ornaments are hung on the wall under lights .
we went to go sight seeing while on vacation . we got to a peak were the view was awesome . they had signs that gave us the history of the sight . we walked for miles . we ended up in a museum with neat artifacts .
picture of the grand canyon on a clear day . the crowd was there to see the wonderful large canyon a man is standing on a cliff looking down the mountain three men overlook a large canyon during the daytime . an indoor pool with tons of people swimming and having fun
the location location , perfect place to learn geology first hand . the professor is talking to the students about how the ridges formed . professor is pointing out some of the interesting faults in the canyon . professor sees something on one of the ledges and is trying to point it out to the others . after hiking all day , the students love swimming in the pool .
a huge rock mountain with a cloudy day weather tourists stand on a watch point overlooking a canyon . a person peers over the edge of the [location] [location] , like a fool . a tourist looking over the edge of a high cliff several people enjoy an indoor pool at a hotel .
our trip to the location location . these views are absolutely spectacular . this nut stood right at the edge ! screw that noise ! you wo n't catch me that close . i will stand close to the edge of this sweet indoor pool at our hotel however .
a clear blue sky sits over some mountains . people enjoy the view at the scenic view overlooking the [location] [location] . the man is standing on the edge of a cliff looking down . three man are standing at a cliff , looking down people are swimming in an indoor pool .
the kitchen at the restaurant was incredibly busy . [male] sliced lamb from the huge hunk . the cooks used the freshest ingredients they could find . [male] served delicious food from behind the counter . [female] rolled out the dough for the tasty food that would be served to hungry customers .
many people gathered around in a kitchen prepare food a man in a green apron is at work preparing food . the meal is almost finished a dirty dishes clutter the table . a cook that is preparing food in front of the customers . a woman that is rolling the bread into a flat object .
the restaurant was busy . cooks are rushing around to make everyone 's orders . the food was fresh and delicious . the cooks take pride in making their food perfect . even the bread is made on site at this restaurant .
cooks preparing food in front of the customers . a chef tossing a pizza dough in the air . only the fruit remains still to be eaten at the restaurant . a man works behind a counter at a restaurant with large vats of food on the counter . a kitchen with a woman rolling dough with a wooden appliance .
i spent most of the summer training to become a chef . based on the emptiness of the plates , i think i 'm doing a pretty good job . making a good meal always start with picking the best , freshest ingredients . i bought many of my ingredients from the local organization organization . my mentor , chef bartuli , taught me so much in so little time .
several people dining in at a restaurant where food is cooked a blurry picture of a man cutting a gyro . dishes and food are still on the table after a meal 1 person in a food line reaching for food to serve himself a blurry picture of an individual rolling dough .
we visited a local church to see their windiws they were all so old and unique we could n't believe how beautiful the church was all the time and effort out into the design we are so glad we stopped to see it
the five church stained glass windows are topped with smaller ones . three colorful stain glass windows adorning a building . the cathedral has pews and stained glass windows large carved artwork on a piece of concrete near a ceiling . a vintage painting over a crucifix and doorway .
we visited a local church . the church had beautiful stained glass windows . the windows were everywhere . some of windows seemed to tell stories from the bible . some of the windows portrayed historical local events .
very ornamental stained-glass biblical designed windows in a church a mural that has been painted by an artist . the aisle leads to the altar with a stained glass window behind her . a mural that has been drawn by the artist . the art added a touch of beauty , even in its solemnity .
the church was recently remodeled and had new windows installed . these are the windows from the other side of the church . the aisle floor has also been remolded to marble . painters came in to paint a mural on the wall . the painters also painted designs over the alter .
stained glass on the walls of the church depicting something from the bible the church has three of the same stained glass windows . an old church has wooden pews and a large archway . a design that 's fading on the wall of a building . a wooden cross is seen near a gray building .
i just sat down at the table to begin opening my birthday presents . yes , a new sweatshirt adds to my collection . i love blue and this location sweatshirt is awesome . reflecting on a well versed card from my mom . the cake is pretty busy , let 's start eating !
a man with a blue sweatshirt and red cap sits at a dining table to unwrap a present . a man in a red hat is holding a sweatshirt up to his chest a man holds up a new [location] tee shirt . man sitting down with hat and sweatshirt on looking at a card a brightly colored birthday cake featuring a toy person falling out of a boat sits on a table .
we all got together to celebrate [male] 's birthday today . [male] turned 35 today and got lots of presents . i gave [male] a card that was very funny . [male] is a true all american man . he got several shirts that represented the location .
a man in a cap and a hooded sweatshirt looks down at a table . a boy wearing red cap and blue shirt hold a shirt a man wearing a baseball cap holds up a t-shirt supporting the [location] . a man in a red cap and blue sweatshirt reading a card . a decorated cake that says [male] is in a box .
i was excited for this evening and ready to open the gifts . i got and american made tee from dad , he knows how i feel about this country . mom got me a location shirt , a guy can never have enough shirts . grandma gave me a card with exactly what was needed . and the best part of the evening was the cake .
man wearing mismatched hat and sweatshirt in living room man wearing a red ball cap posing with a gray t-shirt . true patronage at its best since the [location] was built by immigrants and will always be the land of the free . a man with a red hat that is reading a pamphlet . this birthday cake has ribbon , a boat , and a man who fell over .
hey were going to the dinner theater tonight . wait really ? it 's been awhile since we went there . my girlfriend showed up as well . we all talked about our day . then the show was about to start .
a man wearing glasses and a beanie hat standing streetside . the man with the glasses and salt and pepper beard seemed to be looking off into the distance . a woman at an event takes photographs with her camera phone two men and a woman sitting together talking . a dinner where someone is speaking to the crowd in front of a large tv screen .
a man is outside in the street with all of the city lights before entering a club . after going inside the club , he meets up with a few of his friends . the man 's friends surprise him with a piece of birthday cake and a single candle . after eating the cake , the man and his friends decide to go onto the dance floor and have some fun . finally , at the end of the night , the man and his friends relax and watch the beautiful view near a river .
a man looks cold and quite amused outside man looking suspiciously over to the side of his vision wearing black and a dark setting smiling woman takes picture with cell phone at an event . the group of people are sitting together talking . this is person is giving a power point that he is showing in front of an audience .
its his birthday and all his friends have decided to chip in and give him a goodnight . the man is anxious to see what is going to take place . one of his friends snap a picture of his reaction when he realizes what they are going to do . they are at the play `` the one that got away '' the play is about to start and the audience is silent in anticipation .
a man in black clothing smiles for a picture in the city . an older man wearing dark colored glasses looking to the side . woman with black hair in pink shirt holding a pink camera three nerds sit in a circle and talk to each other a group of men are giving a presentation to a crowd .
our overseas trip was amazing . this was the skyline when flying into the airport . first day we went to a dance club , it was crowded but fun . we also went to the beach , here are we going for our day trip . the next day we went on a big boat ride in the harbor . and at the end we went shopping in a multi level mall , it was amazing !
a man and woman are sitting very closely together . a view of a city skyline at night . view of looking out the windshield at a highway as a passenger on a bus . a woman poses for a photo as she departs from a boat . a woman stands in her jean jacket on a sandy beach on a cloudy cool day .
the night sky was lit up . tickets for the lounge were sold out . he took a picture in front of the bus . the boats were parked at the dock . she was ready to tour some more .
a couple sitting very close together and smiling at the camera . a view of the skyscrapers at night next to the waters . a view of the city street as seen from a taxicab . a woman standing on the dock getting off the boat . a girl in a jean jacket posing on a beach .
[female] is bored with her life , she wants to explore new places all by herself . she views the city and realizes she needs to get away and go away someplace different . the next morning she catches a bus that takes her out of the city . the bus drops her off at a port where she gets on a boat which will sail away . the boat takes her to the beach , which she feels heals her soul . she loves her new surroundings .
a man that is smiling next to a woman . night time view of large city building lit up . the view of traffic on a bridge from inside a bus . a woman smiles as people get off of the cruise ship . fully dressed woman standing on the beach
my first visit to the bloghaus interactive lounge was one i 'll never foget . i met so many famous bloggers , including [male] michaels of gazelle in tents ! [male] letterbox was there , too . this is [female] [female] who writes the blog pointy toed cowgirl boots . the [female] of the blogoshpere - missy mcdaniels of howdoesshe ?
a sign shows an event and its sponsors . a man wearing glasses sitting in front of a laptop . the man is sitting at a table with a bottle of water in front of him . woman wearing a skirt and bright red cowboy boots . a woman that is smiling with a tiara on her head .
the dating game started without a hitch . the director looked like he knew what he was doing . the people were interesting . even if their fashion was a little quirky . shay found herself having a lot of fun .
the sign is displayed to let individuals know where the lounge is located . people are sitting around tables looking at laptops . a man sitting at a table in a room with others . a person wearing a denim skirt , black pantyhose and red cowboy boots . drinking young woman with tiara and long brown hair mugging for camera with two people in background
at the venue , we ran into this unique subscription of magazines . the tables were full of building blocks . my friend brought her lucky red dancing boots . this man was clearly prepared for the hike in the club . this beautiful woman with a tiara ran into me .
a sign letting individuals know where they are is shown . the men are seated at a table and one has a laptop in front of him . a man sits at a table in the middle of speaking while he holds a card in his hand . a girl wearing a jean skirt , black tights , and red cowboy boots . the young wearing the crown smiled from ear to ear
the lady was eating a bag of chips . the dog really wanted some . outside they were getting ready for a party . while this was going on , the horse was eating . the dog got into the festivities as well .
woman in nightgown eating from large bag of chips . a large dog with pointed ears stares into the camera . a woman that is holding onto her dog . the horse is by the fence eating grass fake dog outside , next to the door , wearing mexican clothing
i went to go visit my grandma 's farm . they had cute looking dogs . they had a picnic outside with the neighbors . she had a lot of horses on the farm . i dressed up her statue dog as well .
a woman in a bathrobe eating from a giant bag of chips . a dog with light brown fur , brown eyes , pointy ears , and a pointy face . a woman is holding a dog with a muzzle on a leash . a brown horse grazes on the grass behind the fence . a dog statue with a sombrero on and a poncho
saturday we made a trip up to a local farm to check out some of the animals . first up were horses . we noticed a friendly dog walking around the farm . goats were gently bleating nearby . we saw several baby goats . next we were allowed to feed a llama . after viewing the animals , we all met up to enjoy a picnic on the property !
a lady in a flowered back robe eating corn tortillas tan dog with brown eyes that has ears that stick straight up . the woman who is attending a picnic has her dog with her . the horses are grazing in a field . a ceramic dog is wearing a sombrero and a poncho .
our annual trip with friends was in hawaii . some of the locations we found like this bridge were so nice . we had some fun by the lake under the bridge . it was good to have everyone together again at dinner that night . we found some interesting food as well on the street corners .
a family standing in front of a rock and tree formed art getting their picture taken . a group of people are sitting on wooden rails . two women using a stick to touch the water our large family on the tourist bus , having a blast a man and woman stand in front of a table full of food .
the group decided to go on a hike in the forest . they began too get a little hot and decided to take a dip in the water . but in order to really cool off , they went to the beach . the ran into many people selling interesting items on the beach . they finally arrived back home to their house .
what a great family picture while on vacation . a group of tourists pose for a picture on an old bridge . people standing near and on a bridge near a creek . young men and women pose for a picture . corn is on the grill and barbecued meats are on the table .
this is my volunteer group . we vacationed together in location . here we are taking a nature walk through the forest . some of us like a little danger in our lives . she dropped her shoe of the bridge and tried to retrieve it with a stick . here we are taking a ride in a boat across the lake . ca n't visit location without tasting the street food . it was different but really good .
a group of people poses for a picture outside . a group of people sit and stand on an elevated walkway . an image of a girl trying to put a stick in the water a group of people smiling looking into a camera . an image of a woman that is selling food
i went down to the beach last weekend . i had a great time three . there were a lot of boats out there . the bathroom was very small . it was a lot of fun .
this empty serene beach is located right next to the mountains . the tide is lowering the water level at the beach . it 's a beautiful day at the empty , palm tree lined beach with small boats ready to be taken out on the water . a small booth displaying souvenirs for sale and a sign that reads `` welcome to [male] [male] tours . '' a cement archway with thank you scrawled on it .
this year , for vacation , we went to the beach . the sand felt so good between our toes . we found a relaxing spot to set up our chairs and towels . after the beach , we did some shopping at local stands . as we left , we decided that we 'd definitely be back again soon .
a sandy beach area sitting in front of the water with a sunrise in the background people walking on the beach while carrying their bags . a set of boats that are on the shore . a small shack selling cloth and tours sits outside . an arch over a grassy area says thank you , see you
the beach provided such a relaxing scenery . at the beach there was a tent selling various trinkets . there was an old sign that read `` welcome to cascreole tree house restaurant . '' the women took a picture by a poster that had a beer on it . the family got together after a long day apart .
the water lapping at the beach on a bright sunny day . people are walking on the beach near the ocean the beach looks incredible as does the weather and the trees an image of different fabrics that are for sale outside a store the words `` thank you , see you '' are painted on a concrete arch .
work was very boring today . i was the only one there . there was nothing to do on the schedule . the view from the window was nice . i decided to leave after working for a couple of hours .
an office with a v-shaped desk , a dilbert calender and other office-related clutter . there are pansies planted in front of the sign for the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] . a cork board is covered in paper , pictures and a dilbert catalog . a view through a window of a road , a river and a skyline of buildings . wall full of rows of framed pictures ranging from very old to newer .
when [male] was moved to the location office , he got a much bigger office space . he loved his new office , and the location atmosphere . of course , he was as messy and disorganized as ever . but the view of the location location was delightful . everything in location seemed historical , like this row of past presidents of his company .
here lies an office fit for royalty . a rectangular stone sign for [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] . a calendar with a sarcastic quote from a cartoon a tree looms over a roadway below with cars on it . a row of professional photographs of judges along a wall .
another quiet day at the office as the summer season begins . working at the organization organization organization organization has its benefits . the work schedule board clears up considerably after [female] commencement . the weather gets much nicer and enjoyable . although the walk to get the coffee can get odd when you have so many trial judge portraits staring at you .
an office is dominated by a large corner desk . stone sign at the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] a calendar that is posted on a bulletin board a building is visible past some tree branches a collection of photos are displayed on the wall .
tonight was a practice jam session with my band . our bassist always has something funny to say . while the drummer thinks he 's cool and smooth . sometimes we run into each other . in the end the boys and i always have a great time .
a group of men in a band playing a guitar a man playing a brown and white guitar a man in a club looking away from the camera . two men talk while playing guitars on a stage . a yopung boy is dressedin an orrange t shirt with black writtings
the lead singer from the show was really great ! the drummer kept the song together the crowd was really enjoying the show it looks like the lead singer was having a good time these two played great together
four men play their music in a quiet bar . a man smiling while playing an electric guitar the man is making a face in the dark room . two friends playing guitars on their spare time . performer is saluting his audience while on stage
the band played a great set at the pub . the bass player was having a lot of fun . and the drummer was mugging away , as he laid down the beat . some of the classic stage moves this young band performed . the lead guitarist was feeling good about the performance , sure that he was all that and a bag of chips .
musical band performing onstage at dimly lit venue . a man is holding a guitar in front of a microphone a man with an ear piercing purses his lips . two band members both with guitars and mics on them young boy showing look of satisfaction in dimly lit area .
some of the neighborhood kids came by to watch the fireworks . one of my friend 's kids have fire crackers . there they go ! everybody run ! wow they looked so neat on camera . this shot came out really good .
a group of kids playing with fire a group of young children looking though a box . it is a firewoks for celebrate diferent dates of the year . the three adults watched while two children swim in the above ground pool . two people swimming in an above ground pool in the middle of the night .
the kids were playing with fireworks . the boy put a bottle rocket in the bottle . the other boy was playing with a different kind of firework . it was cone shaped . it let off a large jet of colorful flames .
four children gathered around a small fire on the ground . six people standing around a box in the dark a small firecracker coming out of a cone shape object . people are standing a pool deck while people are swimming in the pool . people swim in a small pool outside during the night time .
the kids gather around the small firework . they look through the box to see what they want to light next . this firework sprays sparks everywhere . the parents stand on the pool deck and watch the kids swim . the night has come and the kids are in the swimming pool .
a group of young kids stand in front of lit firecrackers . kids pick toys from a box in the dark while their mothers watch on . the firework shoots sparks of different colors into the air . three people standing on a patio overlooking a swimming pool . a large pool with persons sitting inside under the moon light .
things did not go as expected at the office seasonal liquor festival . the balloons were nice enough . when [female] start fidgeting around and moving her hands fast enough to blur , things took a turn . `` hey [female] you stupid lightspeed bitch ! '' yelled [female] . the night might have been forgotten had it not been for dear [female] who decided organization needed to maintain a permanent record .
woman wearing a jacket smiling while taking a picture . a group of people sitting around a coffee table that has food on it a man and a woman posing for a camera with alcohol nearby . a woman in a black top is sitting on a couch by two glasses the whole family is seated on a red woolen couch
[female] loves taking pictures at her friends parties . every one loves conversing . [female] loves to be the center of attention . the party was going well , every one was having fun . at the end of the night , every one had fun and talked a lot .
a woman in a denim jacket taking a photo with a digital camera the men and one woman sat at the living room chair while they talked over food and drink . a woman and man dance together at a drinking party the lady is sitting on the couch laughing about something people are sitting on a red long couch
a small group of co workers get together for a party . they are really chatting it up while they sit down and enjoy some food . after eating they decide its time for some drinks . [female] is waiting on her drink to be served . they all have something to drink and sit down and talk .
a smiling woman in a blue jean coat is holding a camera . a group of people that are sitting next to each other . a woman poses for a picture in front of a table filled with alcohol . a girl sitting on a couch in front of a window and smiling . several people sit together on a large sofa .
birthdays and christmas . that 's how we celebrate . the baker did an excellent job on our cake . my twin brother and i celebrate our holiday birthday . and mom joined us for a picture . then time for our gifts . i loved everything !
a birthday & amp ; # x2f ; christmas cake and a yule cake , lite with candles . the cake wishes someone a happy birthday as well as merry christmas . a young man and woman get ready to blow out birthday candles . celebrating his birthday , getting ready to blow the candles out . the candy and toys are on the white couch
this was the first time i had seen my grandmother in ages , and she really went all out in celebration ! here 's me looking stoic , over her combined birthday/christmas cakes . this beautiful , home-made lamp was my going away present , when she presented it to me , i almost shrieked with joy . she sent me home with these toiletries and treats , too , i almost felt my eyes welling up with tears . i 'll forget a lot of things in life , but i hope i never forget my grandmother 's great party .
two exotic birthday cakes shine under the light of their candles . a cake that is placed on top of the plate . a girl and boy smile with two birthday cakes in front of them . try blowing out this electric birthday cake candle a display of gifts ranging from cash to food .
the cakes are made and decorations are prepared the centerpiece cake looks magnificent the couple of the house is seated for the celebration . the grandmother joins them . the gifts are laid out too .
the cake is ready for the party taking place a cross birthday and christmas cake with frosting and chocolate and 1 candle burning . young couple posing for a picture in front of two different cakes . three asian people stand in front of two chocolate cakes with candles on them food are supplies are gathered on a white table
organization organization organization hosted a `` fun-in-the-snow '' event in an attempt to advertise how their products can be used in all weather conditions . it was a beautiful , snowy day , and many people were enjoying the snow on the ground . some experienced trek riders showed off their skills in a mini-competition that included obstacles along the way . this rider was having a great time until his chain came loose and he had to walk to the side to fix it . some people brought their skis and demonstrated interesting tricks , and a good time was had by all who attended the event .
a man in a purple cap riding a bike down a snowy street as people look on . hefting a bike through the snow is a difficult job for a young child . a person is standing near a bike and bales of hay a small child lies in the snow as a woman smiles down . a person competing in a winter sport event for people with disabilities , using a specially configured set of skis with a chair on top to sit on .
the race in town was cool , as you could use any means you wanted to try to get to the end , and we used a bike . we laughed as our little brother was unable to get over the red bar , and had to carry his bike . but then we tried , and we could n't get over the bar either . everyone was having a hard time , like this little guy who fell down . old mr. jenkins won , with his sitting down skis !
a man is riding a bicycle in the snow a little boy holding his bike in the snow . four people are getting ready to ride bikes in cold weather . a father plays in the snow with his son a man is holding a bike as he runs through the snow .
a man with a cape puts on a show for some onlookers . his son follows closely behind with his bicycle to join the fun . the pair is having a great time and the onlookers are enjoying it as well . a son and father at the event are busy playing in the snow joining the bicyclists is someone sitting on skis and going down a slope .
a biker in a viking costume and purple cape navigates across a snowy lane . a little girl is dressed up in winter biking gear with her bike people walking through the snow carrying bicycles . a child is laying in front of a man on the street in the snow . street is blocked off and covered with snow for an event .
it is boys night ! we have left our women at home and ready to party ! here we are getting our drinks on . first thing we did was ski . it was a first time for many of us , but it was fun . a lot of us kept falling down though ! we then came inside and made dinner . [male] and [male] were the chefs for the night . [male] and [male] decided to do a little jam while we waited for dinner . they are surprisingly good ! now that we have eaten , it is drink time . here we are doing shots . this is going to be a fun night !
three young guys filling up cups getting ready to play beer pong the skiers are all ready to start going down the hills . two men act goofy while serving up large amounts of food for a crowd . a pair of men play small guitars in a small room . young men are drinking shots from glasses set on a skit .
the rocko boys were at it again . a ski trip was the perfect place for some good old fashioned fun . [male] and [male] made a meal out of what they found along the ski slopes . [male] and [male] jammed out to a playstation 2 videogame . the boys had a special bond that could not be broken .
cups sit on ping pong table with three men around it a group of people in skis are on a snowy hill two men that are cooking at the same time . two young men are playing with toy guitars for a video game in a living room . four men attempting to drink shots off of a stick .
the outside of the building was very elegant . there was a nice lamp structure that i enjoyed . there were also other unique structures that caught my attention . i wanted to take a picture of every interesting structure . i had to get a shot of this interesting hotel .
three guys setting up a game of beer pong . a group of men are standing on a hill about to ski . the men have multiple pots and pans going on the stovetop . two men playing guitar hero in living room of house four young men hold a ski that has a full shotglass for each of them .
i look so serious with a selfie shot before my camping trip . this is the front of the park where i am staying tonight . i rake out the fire pit before i start a new one . nice dry wood is available to split and use . the glowing embers of a campfire are so relaxing .
lumber is laid out for a construction project on a sunny day . a toy tractor is parked near a row of small shrubs in a natural setting . a man standing on a back lawn is spraying water from a long hose . the fire is burning on the large fire pit a man is wearing sunglasses on his head over long hair
we got a lot of people out to help with the new outbuilding on the farm . the garden got some long needed attention . [male] was good enough to water the vegetables . as the day wound down we sat around a campfire and talked before dinner . to thank everyone for coming out , we cooked some burgers on the grill and had drinks .
a building is still in the process of being built . a toy tractor near a garden and bench . the man in the blue shirt is spraying the water from the hose the fire pit contained only a few more burning logs . a man with long hair is eating a hot dog .
today is a good day to invite family over . it is such a nice day today , and we finished cleaning up the yard . we should water all the grass before people come over . some of the guests made a campfire to cook some of the food . everyone is having a great time , the meal was great today .
an unfinished building in the backyard of someone 's home . a lot of plants are in a row similar to a plant garden . a man is spraying water out of a house with a riding lawn mower in the back . a fire is burning on firewood on the ground a man with wild hair eating some food outside at a cookout .
a tenderloin is butterfly cut stuffed with herbs and cheeses rolled carefully sliced and fried and finally served with a side of risotto
a few piles of chopped food on a cutting board some vegetables neatly laced on top of meat stripes . something wrapped in plastic on a dirty table meat and filling are rolled and cooking in a pan . a person holding a white plate that has food on it .
sushi is not raw as many people believe . when you first make sushi you stuff it with different things . then the sushi is wrapped and chilled for several hours . next cut up the sushi and put it in a frying pan . what you are left with is a wonderful display of food .
a cutting board with a cut of flank steak and spices arranged by it . the science project looked like something that someone 's vomit . an object that has been wrapped in seram . a group of food items that are in a pan . a clean white plate with food on it .
first , prepare and measure all ingredients . place seasonings on the meat . roll the meat and wrap tightly in plastic wrap . place in pan and cook on all sides . plate your meat and your sides and then enjoy your delicious meal !
a thing plastic cutting mat separates a cut of meat from the surface of a wooden cutting board where spices are organized . a piece of meat with vegetables and cheese on top . item rolled up in plastic wrap and placed on a wood surface . stuffed pork being cooked in cast iron skillet mushrooms are among the food sitting on a white plate .
i loved taking fashion photographs . i loved the different poses i could do . i liked being able to express myself in an artistic way . i even let my dog in on the art . i love being able to express my creativity with everyone .
a women with blue eye liner posing for a photo . a woman is pursing her lips and wearing a headband over her eyes . a popl singer with unusual eye wear singing into a microphone . this lady appears to be lying down chilling with her dog . a blonde woman with numbers written on her hands .
i went to the photo shoot today . i had a great time . we took many different pictures . i put on a lot of make up . i hope we can do it again later .
a woman with lots of makeup and long nails poses for a picture . a women wearing a futuristic headband touches her neck . a woman holding a shower nozzle near her mouth . blond woman affectionately holding a furry white dog near her face . the picture is a picture that appears to be a blond girl with her face blurred and numbers are written on her hands .
[female] was doing a photo shoot for a magazine . she had many years of experience . she posed for these pictures the professional she was . even her little dog got into the action . she is just a natural when it comes to posing for pictures and she wraps up the shoot with this picture .
white woman with geisha lipstick wearing bangles and bracelets a woman that is modeling for the camera . the scary lady has a water faucet near her mouth woman holding white dog 's furry face next to her chin a blonde woman has the number 34 written on her palms in marker .
our trip to location was amazing , we saw many incredible buildings . even the cathedrals are so nice compared to back home . the inside was stunning with arches and decorated windows . we saw many crazy things on our trip . check out the circle of bunnies . their houses are built on slopes , i was amazed at the architecture .
three white guys drinking beer around a round table a tiny smart cart is parked on teh street an old wooden sign decorate a red brick building . a man in a yellow and blue shirt standing around a bunch of bunny statues . three men sitting on a wall posing for a picture .
we were excited to be on vacation together . the smart car was awesome on gas . this is where we 're staying for the week . check out the decor . the architecture in this country is a classic .
three men sit around an outdoors table holding glasses of beer . a small black and gray car parked on a curb . the wooden sign is above the door of the brick building . a man with a backpack crouches near a museum display of stone rabbits that are arrange in a circular pattern . a group of three men posing for a picture together .
the guys decided to take a trip to location together . they were surprised to see the car that the rental company gave them . their first stop was this brewery . inside the brewery was some amazing stone decorations . they liked the view from atop the brewery , they could see the whole city .
three guys are sitting around a white table drinking beer . a smart car in a parking space . it is obviously too small for the space a brick building with a sign above the door an image of a man standing next to an art expo three men are sitting on a low stone wall in front of an old building .
we vacationed in location last month . we attended large events . we went ice skating . we saw beautiful buildings . we even saw a festival !
the canadian flag is exhibited over a street where traffic flows . the bald man in the foreground holds a video camera . a man and a woman walk across a stage with each other getting ready to listen to the meeting , find out what 's going on . large fire being lit in the middle of a city at night .
on our way to a concert getting ready for the concert wow they pulled someone up on stage rocking out to music fantastic fireworks at end
an image of a canadian flag with a street sign that says howe st.. a man with a military rifle overlooks a crowd . a group of children ice skate on a busy rink in the winter . a group of people that are ready to entertain . big lights and smoke make it look s if the city is on fire .
we are in location for the opening ceremonies for the olympics . it 's a mom , dad , and their daughter . the daughter is warned not to get lost in the crowd . once they get in the building it is a little less crowded and more manageable . the family sits down for the performance . the light show and fireworks is just the spectacle that they were hoping for .
a street sign in front of a maple leaf a man is filming a british [location] event with a large group of spectators . many skaters are enjoying an outdoor skating rink . a large group of people watching a show a group of people that are next to the smoke .
it was finally race day these are the bikes they would use and they were off to the races pushing hard for every inch not giving up these were the top three finishers
many bikes resting up against a vehicle all the bikes are line up in front of a van . men are getting their bikes ready for a team of cyclists . man riding bike wearing a white colored helmet three men in uniforms are holding up bunches of flowers .
there were a lot of bikes at the race . i took one to race with . i made sure it was very clean . it was about time to race . i lined my bike up with the others and waited .
a set of bikes that are parked next to each other . group of bicycles racked on the front of a van . a man with glasses that is riding on top of a bike . a professional cyclist wearing his team uniform competes in a race . three men are dressed in racer uniforms holding pom poms
the tour de location was starting to kick off . there were bikes everywhere . we even saw some riders out warming up . we saw sven jorgenborg warming up . it was so fun to see the winners at the end .
several matching bicycles are leaning against a white vehicle . a slew of identical bikes are attached to a vehicle rack . several men in bicycle uniforms and on their bicycles the man is intensely riding his racing bike . three racer drivers at the end of an event holding up flowers
we went to the beach , yesterday . it was a nice day to be on the shore . i found a really cool jelly fish . we saw some really neat stuff there . at the end of the day , i was very relaxed .
a serene picture of water and a island is displayed . a sail boat is out on the body of water engorged seaweed has washed up on the beach looking like a vine of spotted grapes . white jellyfish with many tails washed up on shore two parrots that are in the wilds of the mountains .
i went to the lake yesterday . the water was very calm . the shoreline was beautiful . there was some trees that had fallen . i took a lot of pictures there .
large shore line by a large body of water a two mask sail boat alone on a body of water . small green beads with speckled dots sit on the ground . an almost clear jellyfish is by some rocks on the ground . two green birds are looking over the side of a rock
we went to a river near by on a vacation . we found sailboats fishing for different fishes . we even found eggs on the riverbed ! then we found a jellyfish on land . the whole time we were being watched by two parakeet birds .
an ocean scene with a pine tree and a hill in background . the sail boat is out on the peaceful ocean by its self . globs of green coagulating on the ground . a jelly fish washed up on the rocky shore . two green parrots sunbathing on a rock on a tranquil day
this is [male] visiting a museum while he is on a work related trip . the museum has a lot of unique things displayed . the setting is normally dark and calm . these were made by a local artist to put on display . this painting is worth thousands because of who it portrays .
a man is straddling a statue of a horse-man creature , and is posing as if he were riding the statue . artifacts and skulls are in a glass display case . image displaying something called a penis cover which originates on the south coast . a picture of a naked woman is displayed in black and white . a painting of two little girls and a boy standing and posing
they decided to go to the art museum . they enjoyed this type of art . it was very unique . many people came out that day to enjoy the exhibits . there were many different genres that were covered . this was the last painting they saw . it was beautiful but kind of creepy .
a man sitting astride a statue pretending to ride it this is a photo inside a museum of some indian artifacts . a sign gives information about an article of clothing from the past . a woman that has been painted by an artist . a painting of a man and two small children
we arrived at the museum and , of course , [male] could n't help himself and immediately jumped on the statue . as we entered , we suddenly realized where we were . this was an odd place that had much history ; albeit some weird . and , some strange nudity from the past that would be placed next to a weird family portrait . we had our fill and quickly exited .
an individual rides upon a sculpture with a joyous expression . museum exhibit displaying skulls with feathered headdresses on.cubes . a museum sign describes a tribal penis cover this is a naked woman in the water photo hanging on a wall depicting a pilgrim and two young pilgrim girls .
the park today was a good choice , this guy is always playing the same song . we saw some people in a boat and quickly became jealous . he said do n't even think of getting on the ferris wheel . so we , just went inside .
the two old couple are still holding their hands while walking a man holds a tube as people mill around him . the two people are taking a ride in their red boat . a group of people that are inside of an amusement park . a statue marks the entrance to the busy train station .
went to our state 's fair this year and it was great . give the man in white 5 dollars and he 'll sing for you . this was one of the local bands playing . we really had a good time . we rented a tour of the city boat . we road the ferris wheel . this is how far we had to walk to get to it . nice walk though .
couple strolling hand in hand tour the city . a man carries an very large silver tuba . a man and women are operating a wooden motorboat flying a flag on the stern . a large crowd of people enjoying a carnival on an overcast day . old building complete with statue seen on a sightseeing expedition .
a couple take a trip to a town to have a vacation . there are people in the streets that play music . there are boaters and also boats that give boat rides . there are attractions like ferris wheels to ride and other things to do to entertain . there are palaces and buildings you can go in and explore . there are many things to see .
an older couple holds hands as they walk toward a white statue . a man in a ski cap holds a tuba . a large red boat sitting in the water with two people a group of people attending a carnival in a city . a bus sits in front of a statue that is in front of a building
the whole family gathers . the table is set and the cake is in place . grandpa is our guest of honor ! today is his birthday and we are celebrating with cake and candles . grandpa gets a kick our of his presents .
a group of elderly persons sitting around in a circle a dinner table is set with a red table cloth a formal birthday celebration for an elderly person . an elderly person blowing out their birthday candles the elderly person at the gathering holds a yellow box .
everyone got together for a celebration of christmas and grandpa 's birthday . the table was all set for christmas dinner but also had a chocolate birthday cake . grandpa sat at the head of the table for the celebration . he quickly blew out the candles on his cake . even though it was his birthday , grandpa handed out presents .
older people sitting around talking by a christmas tree . a dining room table set for a holiday meal . he sat down at the table for a wonderful meal an old man sitting in front of a chocolate cake with candles . the man is smiling and holding a box in his hand .
the family reunites to celebrate grandfather birthday . making a toast to grandfather . table is ready for dinner . singing happy birthday to grandfather . grandmother is helping him blowing off his candles .
the old people gathered around near the fireplace . the table is all set and prepared for the christmas dinner . an old man sits at a table with a chocolate cake at the center . it 's a happy birthday for this old gentleman , as he prepares to blow out his candles . elderly person carrying a book toward a table
a family went to the zoo the child wore a costume of a monkey . the family walked through the park and saw some interesting animals the second bay rode in a stroller the family gathered for lunch to eat .
a blond child wearing a brown bear costume . a young boy wearing a puppy vest stands in between wooden fences . children in halloween costumes are standing in a line . a baby that is sitting in a stroller outside people on bumper cars at an amusement park , having fun .
i took my son to the fair today . he put on his favorite jacket . all of the other people thought he was adorable . we rode on the bumper cars . we had a lot of fun .
a baby white boy wearing his bear outfit . an image of a small child dressed in a bear suit kids dressed up in different costumes in a park a young boy that appears to be falling asleep in his stroller . dad is in a go cart with his kid and his arm is around him to keep him safe .
the little boy poses by the fence in his halloween costume . he joins all the other kids in a parade down the street . his little brother watches very interested in what is going on . the little boy and his dad go for a ride in the bumper cars . finally he spends some relaxed time with his mom .
a blonde blue eyed baby in a coat is looking at the camera . the ypung boy is dressed in gray pants and brown jacket a bunch of kids get candy from the displays a baby is relaxing in their stroller on a nice day . parents with children driving bumper cars at a fair
we had a blast in england we saw the royal guard and took in the sights everywhere we went there was this black flag and we went to an indoor specialty mall
picture of large clock tower on a cloudy day through wrought iron fence a statue of a man with a sword a ferris wheel in an urban area next to a body of water a double-decker , red bus is taking its passengers to their desired location . a cafe has a red door , and a brick exterior .
we went to visit the tallest clock tower in our vicinity . we then checked out some statues . after viewing architecture , we went to the amusement park for some fun . we were pooped by the time we were done so we took a 2 story bus to relax with sightseeing . we finally went to a cafe to unwind with delicious cakes !
a giant clock on top of a tall tower . a dark statue of [male] cromwell stands in front of a brick building . the large [organization] [organization] is near the water that a boat is floating on . a double decker red bus driving in [location] . a building holding a deli with columns and red doors .
i went on a trip to the location and one of the first places the family visited was big [male] . next to old [male] was a large statue . i could n't make out the writing , but the artistic work was impressive . as we continued to make are way down the peer i could see a giant ferris wheelin the distance . before reaching our hotel from the peer a double decker bus came screaming past us . finally we arrived at the front of our hotel , it 's big red doors in full view .
a large tower with a clock showing five until ten . a statue of a person on a pedestal is beside the building . a ferris wheel stands on the dock by the water . this big red bus have a top and bottom . a large cafe with a red entrance appears to be open .
we traveled to a lively greenhouse for a day . there were so many beautiful ferns . i saw green and violet flowers . the violet flowers interested my partner . we had to closely examine the plants for their feel .
a structure with a glass roof over vegetation . several flowers with yellow petals and dark green stems . a pink flower from south africa with green leaves tiny trees are in model grass in a museum a beautiful garden with a variety of flowers in a greenhouse .
these flowers starts out very slow growing once they get plenty sunshine and water they seems to grow a little but they have to stay in a sun room area for protection because once they start blooming they are pretty and starts to grow crazy
outdoor garden full of different species with a woman admiring them . flowers in a garden that are yellow in color . a description of the plant has a strange name . this is a miniature forest inside a cubby hole . outdoor garden with colorful plants seen under covered area .
the greenhouse was filled with a variety of plants . they came in many colors and heights . name plates gave detail behind each plant . smaller tree plants were popular . the green life overflowed onto the walkway .
an outside structure is fenced in with many railings large lilies growing inside of a greenhouse building . the black sign with white letters is between the pink flowers a cluster of small trees grow from grass in a white , brightly lit room . the inside of a building with many plants scattered around
i was out driving one day . i saw a huge cross in the middle of no where . the sunset was really beautiful . there were a couple of birds flying around . when i got to the beach it was just in time to sit and watch the sunset .
a view of a cross against a sky at sunset and water in the background . sunset with a cross in the foreground and clouds above the birds flying on the sky are black in colour two birds flying into the beautiful sunset close together . a large sun setting in the distance over the water
the cross was very tall and shining in the sunset . the birds were flying high in the sky as the sun set .
a large cross sits in front of a body of water . a giant cross is in the middle of a field . two birds flying in the sky with the sun shining a beautiful shot of seagulls flying during sunrise . a beautiful sunset going down across the water
the cross with the sunset and the cross from a far distance still with the sunset and birds flying happily around while the sun goes down , while they try to get to the destination then the sun finally goes down
a thin wooden cross stands under the clouds . a large cross sits against an early sunrise . two birds are flying through the air during sunset . two black birds are flying freely in the sky this is a cloudy sky with the sun rising
i got lost and ended up walking through a organization festival in location . i think this celebrates the birth of buddha . the wheel symbolizes reincarnation . there were a lot of beautiful flowers there . flowers were offered as respect for buddha .
a mural portrays two brave women riding elephants . this display of india 's heritage is quite beautiful . a parade float featuring a nautical theme and religion . what a beautiful bouquet of flowers , breath taking . a flower lays on the ground right next to what seems to be a fallen post .
the entry was all painted and decorated . the flowers were amazing . everything looked like it had been worked on for a long time . the floats told such a story . the colors were so bright everywhere .
there 's a medallion style design on the doors , which are surrounded by women riding elephants . in front of the characters is a beautiful arraignment of flowers . a decorated stage on the street in a community . some red flowers are growing on a green plant flowers and poles with ribbons laying in the middle of the street .
the circus came to town last week . they had a parade . the parade had many beautiful floats . the floats were decorated with flowers . by the end of the parade many of the flowers fell off the floats .
an artisitc colorful asian painting on two doors a float has a bunch of flowers on it . this image is of a sailors float in a parade . a large assortment of red flowers bursts forth a stem of flowers lays on a concrete surface near pole-like objects with yellow materials .
last night we saw this band play it was incredible i would go see them again they were so good after the show they gave me the set list
a musical group playing on a stage at a concert . a guitar player plays his instrument under dark red lights . a musician sits on stage in front of a microphone and plays his guitar . a man who is playing the guitar and singing at a concert . piece of white scrap paper containing a list of items and an event .
the organization organization organization is a great rock band thei from location . [male] 'devestator ' falcone plays lead guitar . [male] 'broke butt ' bones is the lead singer and plays bass . harland 'not the actor ' williams accompanies on second guitar and keyboards . their sets are amazing , as evidenced by this stolen set list .
local rock band performing for a state fair one of their latest singles . a guitarists sits playing in the glow of red lights . a guy plays a guitar in a dark room . a male in a yellow shirt holds his guitar while singing into a microphone . these are all of the names that they came up with for the independent film they were writing
at a concert and we are having a good time . he is always changing the colors . ahh back to purple . where did he go ? there he is ! back to playing music .
a group of musicians that are playing music with each other . a man standing under red light playing guitar . a man playing the guitar and singing inside a nightclub . a singer performs on a hazy stage during a concert . someone wrote a handwritten list on the back of a sheet of paper .
i got the kids ready for easter . i gave them each their own basket . next the neighbors and i lined the kids up . we told them to get ready to pick up the easter eggs . the parents were recording it so we could watch later .
the little boy and girl are waiting to start an easter egg hunt . a group of people standing outside for a gathering . image of a group of kids who are waiting on the parents to let them trick or treat . blonde little girl holding a basket full of easter candy and toys . three children stand on a sidewalk in front of a house behind baskets of goodies .
the children were very excited about the easter egg hunt . they gathered their baskets and dressed in their best clothes . the crowd gathered for the great hunt . finally it was time to go . the parents watched with great anticipation until the hunt was over .
two kids at an easter egg hunt , smiling for pictures . a small group of people that are looking in different directions . children standing in line with baskets and bags while their parents are standing behind them a young girl holding an easter basket full of eggs three little ones reaping the rewards of the hunt .
we got the kids ready for easter . the parents then gathered for the events . they lined the kids up at the starting line . then the kids went crazy finding eggs . it was an awesome easter .
a little girl and boy stand among easter egg baskets . a large group of people posing for a picture in a residential neighborhood . a large group of children and their parents stand with easter baskets at a starting line . little girl wearing a pink coat and reindeer ears holding an easter basket three kids gather in front of their house with baskets in front of them .
[female] was excited to finally graduate ! she and her friend were ecstatic to start college . [female] decided to take a vacation after school , so she could relax a bit . her friends came along too ! they all had a lot of fun . after the vacation it was off to college !
a girl is posing with her parents at a graduation a young lady graduate shares her cap with a female friend . a girl with a blue tank top walking on the sandy beach . three young women siting together pose for a picture . a building with modern design , with a tall pillar in the background and water fountain in front looks like it could be part of a college campus .
a girl celebrated her college graduation with her parents . she and her friends were so excited ! afterwards she went to relax at the beach . that night she went out to celebrate with her friends . it was time to say goodbye to college !
the man and woman are on either side of the graduate . two young women with graduation cap and gown clowning around in photo . a woman is standing on the beach smiling on a nice day . three ladies smile while at a dinner table i tall brick tower with a fountain outside next to another brick building .
it 's graduation day and the new graduate poses for a picture with her proud parents . the family enjoys time together in celebration of the graduation . the new graduate went on a trip and got to hang out at the beach , a new experience for her . she also spends time with her girlfriends , celebrating their accomplishments . now that it is summer and the graduation is long over , it is time for vacation and tourism .
a family poses for a photo at their daughter 's graduation two ladies that are getting ready to graduate . a girl in a tank top shirt stands on the beach , smiling . three young females posing for a picture over a meal a big building stands beside a tower and fountain
this was last 4th of july when we went to a fireworks show . they started off with these smaller ones that were very colorful . then the really big ones started coming out . it seemed like the whole sky was lit up at times . this was the grand finale that really made it a spectacular night .
a ground based firework is being light off in the darkness by some people fireworks are going off together in the night sky fireworks with different colors being seen on the sky white and blue fireworks light up the dark sky . the sky is full of many fireworks and colors
there were a lot of fireworks that night . some of them were single colored . others were multi colored . some of them were very bright . others made huge explosions .
the sparklers are on the ground making a large fire red white and blue fireworks are in the sky . colorful fireworks burst against a black night sky . colorful fireworks are lighting up a nighttime sky white fire works light up the dark evening sky .
the fireworks show started on the ground . they then put off some colorful ones in the sky . some were very large . some were very bright . they were all very pretty .
a spectacle of a fire walker you might say is an annual tradition . two blue and a red firework display light up the night sky . a multi-colored firework explosion is taking place in the night sky . the beautiful white and blue fireworks lit up the dark sky . fireworks explode and light up the dark sky
we had a cookout on the river yesterday . all my friends went swimming . we went fishing for the one that got away . the grill was full of food to eat . when night fell , we were exhausted .
the side of the ship is big enough for people to ride it an image of a man diving in the water a man holding a fish with his right hand . raw hotdogs on grill preparing to be cooked three women are sitting with wine at the table .
today we took the holidays afloat day trip on the lake . we loved swimming in the blue water . we also had fun fishing . even if our fish was so small . we settled on a more substantial dinner . a moonlight ride was a beautiful ending to the day .
a double decked boat that is rented out . aboy takes his chances and dives in the water . just got done catching a fish in the creek i 'm at . a bunch of hot dogs are on a grill three women sitting at table on a boat .
the day started by an amazing boat trip with friends . john could n't resist , he had to test the water . at sunset , [male] took a break and gave organization the captain role . the girls enjoying a beer while admiring the lagoon . [male] getting pretty drunk because and was getting pretty sea sick .
boat going down water way ready to travel . a man is weirdly diving into a lake the man is very pleased with the fish that he caught . six raw links of sausage lay on a grill . night time setting of three ladies sitting at a table .
the deer head dcor was fitting for the setting . we had to get a shot in our awesome dresses . this group photo of our dates is beautiful . we had such an amazing time talking about life . we were relaxing as we waited for drink refills .
a deer head mounted on the wall is spotlighted . two young women smiling and holding up their thumbs people sitting on a brown leather couch in fancy clothing embracing each other . a group of people in a booth a a restaurant or bar with bottles of maker 's [male] on the shelves behind them . 1 man with long hair staring at the breasts of a woman next to him
the stuffed head of this 8 point buck has watched over many parties here . two girls are dressed to party , but each has a concession to staring warm with gloves for one and a sweater for the other . while the guys are dressed to their necks , the ladies are showing some skin . the guy in the middle catches an ogle of nearby cleavage . as her jacket opens , the looks at her decolletage have become more obvious . the 8 point buck has watched another evening .
a animal head that is attached to the wall . an image of two asian women at a party a group of friends sitting down having drinks . a group of friends having a drink at a bar a couple sitting together in a booth with beverages .
the deer head stared at us from the wall of the bar . after a few beers the girls got a little silly just a bunch of friends out for a good time . the all enjoyed the drinks and the company . this man was planning for after he and his buxom lady got home .
a spotlight on a dear head hanging from a wall . two women are smiling and laughing together in a room the friends are all crowded together to take a picture . people are sitting in a bar having drinks . a man is looking right at a woman 's breast .
[female] 's fifth birthday party was a big success . [female] likes flowers , and wanted to eat all of the flowers on her cake . she said her cake tasted even better than it looked . i think i should have done the mentos/diet coke trick outside ! [female] had a great day and loved all of her gifts .
a birthday cake with candles and decorations for a girl 's fifth birthday the little girl is waiting to blow out her birthday candles . a happy child getting ready eat a forkful of birthday cake . a bottle of diet coke foams over on a kitchen counter . three children are on the floor opening presents .
[female] 's 5th birthday cake . singing happy birthday to [female] . [female] eating her birthday cake and loving it . the bar and the snacks . [female] is opening her birthday presents .
birthday cake with lit candles for a 5 year old named [female] . girls gathering around to look at a cake . at the party , the cake was delicious and the children enjoyed it . the 2-liter of [organization] [organization] is fizzing over three young girls at a birthday party ; one is looking at an open book and one appears to be unwrapping gifts .
mom made such a beautiful cake with lots of decorations . but the girls tore into it . it must have been yummy . aww yeah ! today 's [female] 's birthday . smile ! the cake gave her a blue tongue . later , there were presents . and afterwards , we made a bomb out of diet coke and mentos ! it was a spectacular day !
a beautiful cake for the fifth birthday of katie the girl in the pink dress is looking at a cake a little girl eating some cake with a fork a kitchen counter with soda and liquor bottles . group of small girls on the ground playing with presents .
we took a river tour while on vacation . the river passed many beautiful buildings . we saw this castle on the river tour . we stopped on the bank for a little while to take pictures . the river tour ended at a big dam .
a canoe with three people floating in a river with a water fall behind them . a house is nestled among trees near the edge of the water . a castle with green tops sits on a hill is surrounded by water a group of people are listening to a man talking with a large castle in the background . people are standing on the deck watching the water pour out .
they went to a new city for the conference , and sight seeing . the conference was mostly dull . then to the tour , along the river and to the cathedral . then a boat ride to see the river falls . a great day in location .
people are riding across the waters next to the waterfall . an image of a lakeside view of a house on the hill a boat is sailing in front of a tree covered shore line . a man talking to a group with a large castle in the distance . several people are on the deck of a boat that is near a small waterfall .
[male] decides to take a boat ride to the grand castle and meet up with his friends . he enjoys the sky view every time he crosses the ocean . in the distance he can see the big beautiful castle as he approaches it . finally he arrives to find his friends patiently waiting with drinks on display . his friends pass him a drink and then they begin to enjoy their time together and the beautiful waterfall view .
men are fishing from a boat close to a dam . a house overlooking trees and a large lake . a picture of a castle is shown from a far distance . the backdrop of the castle in this picture probably holds a lot of history that the tour guide is happy to explain a group of tourists relax by a waterfall .
fun making food in the kitchen before heading out . and a bit of drinking , to warm people up . a photo of the whole group , ready for the cold ! the snow was thick and perfect . a lot of skiers were enjoying the weather .
a woman unloads food from a grocery bag onto her counter in her small kitchen . a glass is filled to the brim with beer a group of people are gathered around a restaurant table . a skier on a snowy ski trail poses for a picture in front of a signpost . people stand at the base of a mountain covered with trees and snow .
i had a great time at the party yesterday . there were a ton of rinks there . after the party we went to a ski lodge . we had a great time skiing as well . the view was beautiful .
a woman stands in a kitchen holding a shopping bag . a glass of beer on a table with a wine glass a group of friends that are sitting at a table . a person wearing skis and carrying ski poles is standing on a snowy slope . a winter scene of a snowy mountain and skiers .
it was a cold winters day and the group of friends decided they would get together to eat a nice home cooked meal . they drink some tasty dark beers and chat among each other . the friends had a blast while the weather was cold outside . the next morning they woke up to do some skiing and other outdoor activities in the snow . the weather was freezing but it was a beautiful site . the time together turned out to be a blast .
woman standing in kitchen unloading vegetables from bags a beer has white foam and sits on a table . five friends gather at a pub for food and drink . a skier poses for a picture half way down the mountain . view of a ski slope lined with trees on both sides
everyone showed up to work in costume today . there were some great costumes . i had a lot of fun taking pictures of everybody . outside we played halloween games . it was so much fun !
a man in an office environment with partitions in the background with clown makeup on his face a man dressed up in a yellow bear costume . a lady dressed up as a cat for halloween a couple of people are standing out on the pavement this little girl belongs to crazy cult that forces her to wear purple and white dresses .
trick or treat ! we 're having a halloween party at work . i 'm the joker . [male] came dressed as pichu . [female] was business formal catwoman . we played catch the waterballoon outside because this is location so it was n't cold on halloween . [male] 's niece was there as [female] in wonderland , and the party got her seal of approval .
1 man dressed up as the batman character the joker the man is dressed in an animal costume . a lady in an office environment dressed up in costume adults standing outside of an office building while the sun behind them casts their long shadows . a little girl wearing purple old fashioned clothing .
the man in the costume had a great sense of humor . the office party was so much fun . the secretary had a crystal ball . she could have bever predicted this though . they won award for cutest couple .
a man with green hair and red lips painted around his mouth an image of a man that is dressed up like a cow even at work decorations for the holiday halloween group of people standing on a sidewalk watching something . a young girl wears and old fashioned purple dress while standing on a lawn .
my brother and i went to a pub . we met up with our friends from college . my professor decided to buy us all a round of beer . we then talked about the class . my sister later joined up with us later .
two men are having their picture taken . one has a drink in his hand . people are gathered in an indoor bar setting in this blurry image . a man is pouring some beer into a glass three men sitting at a table drinking glasses of beer woman wearing a white swetter and holding a beverage
the pub had an assortment of serving trays on the walls . a group of men drank beer at the bar . they chose a table instead . soon they were engrossed in deep conversation . she decided to try a dark beer for the fist time .
the boy o the left is dressed in a green t shirt people are drinking at a bar lit by blue lights a man and his friends sitting near a table . three men drinking beer and having a good time . a woman smiles as she holds a glass with beer in it .
my friends and i decided to check out the new brewpub in town . the guys were chosen to pick out some beers to try . here 's our first taste of one of their beers . not bad - three of us really liked it ! i was n't that keen on it myself though .
two men are standing ina room with pictures on the wall an image of people eating at a restaurant a group of young adults drinks dark beer while seated at a small table . three men sit at a table having drinks . a woman in glasses drinking beer in a restaurant .
we went on a vacation to location to explore the country . we found a lot of nice people and interesting sights . the country overall was fairly poor and we felt bad at times . the rivers were wild and mostly used for fishing . many people make their living fishing
some boats sit in a shallows while one is on shore and overturned . a young male pulling a boat into the water to travel to a destination . a sea gull sitting all alone on a body of water . two people are sitting out in the water of the beach the boats loaded with produce and other goods are all lined up .
i went to the beach last week . there were some boats there . i helped them build some more boats . it took a long time . i had a great time there .
row boats floating in the water with sand nearby a man pulling on a large canoe in shallow water a bird skimming along a body of water with trees in the background . two men in tiny shorts laying around in the water on the beach . a group of people on a bunch of colorful boats in very calm waters .
the boats all lay on the shore in the morning hours . one boy decided to see if the boat was any fun to use . on the opposite side of the lake , there was a bird enjoying the crisp , summer day . people were on the beach having a good time with the water . later on that day , people gathered in the boats and set sail .
several canoes are near the beach . the canoe in front is upside down . the weather appears calm . most of the canoes are a reddish color . ethnic man pulling large canoe in shallow water a white heron is wading in water in front of trees . a man and a woman in swimsuits are lounging on the beach . people standing in and around a bunch of colorful small boats .
we visited the oldest part of the graveyard . some of them we could n't even read . the headstones were so worn . some of them were people i had heard of in the past . it was interesting to see how old they were when they died .
a sign on a brick wall reads `` fawn creek '' small grey worn tombstone next to a marker . a grave of two people is in a cemetery and the grass is dry i think this grave site is set in stone , with names family members . old worn burial marker gravestone in a grassy area .
here i am at location location graveyard . today should be fun . dirty old grave here . i wonder how old it is ? so much history here . these gravestones are very fancy for their time . this one is unique looking . what an interesting day .
a brick wall with an engraved sign with two words . a mossy , worn down grave stone with a marker next to it . a gravestone of husband and wife , lisle f mccully and [female] e . a tombstone with the name `` knotts '' along with `` mother '' and `` father '' . a very weathered looking gravestone sits proudly in the sunlight .
spent a day walking and taking pictures at a very old graveyard . some tombstones were so old they were hard to read . this one had the earliest date i could find ... .1834 many of the headstones were parents or husband and wife . was a very thoughtful day ... .have to wonder if any family still visits these graves
the brinck wall at the beach has a sign that reads [location] [location] , a marker that is in the ground has writing on it . the grave site were the big head stone stood [male] knotts ' light brown headstone states that he was married and a father . the headstone stands in the green grass
last week , i went down to the harbor . in the beginning of the day , not a soul was out . then , slowly , the small boats came in to sell their fish . just as fast as they came , they started to leave . as the tide went out , so did the boats .
a parking area with several cars near a body of water . passenger train with yellow front riding down the tracks . a shoreline with grassy hills and snowy mountain peaks in the background . several floating boats along the shore of the sea . the small boats at the beach are in the ocean beside the rock jetty
we parked just out front of the station . it was not too long before we saw the train approaching under the bridge . to the left of the station there was a sea , just beyond the village . we took a stroll on the beach so that i could show dad the boating area . he was surprised that it was free to use any boat that we wanted .
a parking lot is displayed from a far distance . large electric train pulling into a rural train station . snow covered mountains sit behind a large body of water . a group of boats floating on an ocean . a few boats on the ocean seen from the beach
we decided to take a day trip out to the lake . we rode a train to get there . when stepped out , we got a nice view of the snowcapped peaks . we decided to rent out a boat . after sailing for a while , we landed ashore .
many cars parked along a shoreline seeming to be on the east coast somewhere a train is travelling down the tracks in a secluded city . looking across the water a beautiful white colored mountains . boats bob in the water at the harbor . a beach with several boats on or close to the shore .
that night we decided to watch the fireworks . they shot the fireworks over the river . the reflections on the water were really pretty . some of the fireworks went really really high into the air . the finale consisted of some really large fireworks .
a person is watching fireworks during sunset in the distance fireworks exploding over a river at dusk time . fireworks explode in the evening and are reflected in a river . white fireworks with a red tail light up the night sky . fireworks exploding in the sky reflecting of a river 's surface .
we stood outside and looked up at the dark sky . there were fireworks in the distance above the bridge . they were bright and beautiful above the water at night . they shot up into the air like a big ball . the final ones were amazing , and they seemed to light up the entire sky with color .
a person observes fireworks rising beyond the trees . orange exploding fireworks going off in the air . firework bursting in the sky over clear and still water . a ball of white light in the evening sky a big burst of fire works over a river with a bridge .
firework show is beginning and the boy sits and watches . the different type of fireworks are starting . different type of colors and designs . more and more of the different fireworks . then the final big firework went off .
fireworks explode over a tree line against a still-blue sky at sunset . a cluster of fireworks exploding over a body of water with a bridge in the background . orange , red and white fireworks exploding near water . a yellow firework exploding in the air with a red tail . a large firework exploding over a river with a bridge and trees on either side .
on our vacations we went sight seeing . we stopped at historic landmarks with signs telling us their histories . we saw a tower that went way high in the air . we even saw a tower that leaned like the tower of location . at the end of the night , we were tired , but glad we had seen the city sights .
a man standing in front of a very tall structure . the pointed at the monument when the photo was taken . a man and woman holding hands in front of a concrete monument . a man that is on top of the road next to the grass . a sunset is happening in the background of the swamp .
today i visited a very tall spire in the city . [female] read some of the wall 's text out loud . a happy couple never stops taking pictures together . the clouds were drawing in an intense gloominess . the pond looked just as beautiful in person as it did in the brochure .
a man standing next to a very tall brick tower . an image of a woman that is looking at a sign and pointing couples taking picture on a big statue behind their back a person standing on cement between fields of grass . a large over grown field flooded with water
this man said he felt free in life . this woman felt the need to explain the historical figure . together , we celebrated on our history lesson . it was a lovely day outside . we saw the beauty when the sun went down .
a man is pictured next to a monument . a woman points out the chiseled words on the stone monument . a man and woman are standing on the road in front of a lighthouse man posing near a large monument on a cloudy day . the sun is setting in pale pink colors over a lake .
the man got in his car . he looked back to make sure his wheel chair was secure in back . he followed the signs for the location . medical center . the man parked his car , making sure his handicap tag was visible through the windshield . after the man 's appointment , he got in his car and drove home .
a road with construction hazard signs along the sidewalks traffic barriers have been set up near a sign that reads , `` busch gardens main entrance . '' an image of a white bus with read and white writing on it a man is sitting in a vehicle in a lot two signs leading to medical centers and several trees and bushes .
sniper [male] is driving to keep a doctor 's appointment . he has encountered road construction that delays him for a while . nevertheless , he persists and makes his way past the road construction . the days of his heroism for his country are long past , but he stills loves his country . he arrives at the v. a . center where a grateful country repays him in part for the sacrifices he has made .
a two lane road that has construction being done on it a car is by portable warning flashers at the main entrance of a theme park . a bus and some traffic captured by somebody from inside a vehicle . an old man dozed quietly in his vehicle in the lot . a street leading to a moffitt cancer center .
the road was undergoing a lot of construction . the amount of delays was vast . it made it hard to get through the traffic . the man was getting frustrated . it was doubtful how accurate the signs would be with all the work .
cars travel down a road that is under construction . roadway intersection with construction barricades in urban setting . it is very hard to understand which lane we are allowed to use with all these road blocks up . the man is sitting inside a vehicle looking down at something . two green and white street signs next to the sidewalk .
the happy couple were throwing an independence day party . bloody marys were the drink of choice the public beach as a bit of a walk . this year no one lost a hand or an eye . yay ! a carefully planned simultaneous launch ended the evening .
a man in a hawaiian shirt embraces his girlfriend for a candid snapshot . two drunk people posing with hot sauce and a lime slice a smiling man walks through sand at night . lit sparkler held in hand over a sandy beach a picture of vivid red blurry colors against a black background .
the party was going well and there was even hot sauce . there was running on the sand and fireworks being lit that were very pretty .
the very happy couple pose as the friend takes the picture . a couple at a restaurant taking pictures adult man walking on sandy beach area with a big smile . person playing with sparkler on beach at night the light i the dark is brighter and red in color
my wife and i spent 4th of july at the beach . my brother brought over some super hot sauce . after dinner we went down to the beach . we thought lighting fireworks by the water was the safest way to do it . it made for some interesting pictures .
the couple are sitting together in front of a bookshelf . two people pose with drinks and a bottle of hot sauce . a happy guy walks barefoot outside on the sand . the sparkler release a stream of smoke on the beach at night . blurred photo night shot of red and yellow fireworks exploding
we went for a night walk in the park today . everything was really nice lit up by lights . the park was empty and i was able to get many nice pictures . a fog started forming and it started to snow . the snow covered banks make a good subject for pictures .
the view of lamp post on a calm lake . ducks swimming in a pond at night , light from a pole reflecting in pond two streetlights illuminate a body of water at nighttime . a pole is on an island in the snow large dark body of water with trees on bank
it was a nice winter day and i wanted to go on a stroll . so i gathered my family and we walked along the shoreline . we were surprised to be able to find swans so late in the season . my children were delighted to be able to attend to see the birds in the winter . we walked until dusk then went home and drink some hot cocoa by the fireplace .
neat shoreline of waterway seen at night during winter . light reflecting off blue water through swimming ducks . a lighted lake side path in winter twilight . a dock protrudes out into a foggy , calm lake . the snow is on the shoreline of the very cold looking lake
it was a cold winter night but i could n't sleep . i walked around the local lake and soaked up the scenery . the barren trees in the moonlight were haunting . and as the morning ushered the night out , an eerie fog rolled in . it all culminated in a dreary day .
a calm lake in a with snow on the ground all around . reflected moonlight adds mystery to the pond by night . light from two street lamps reflects off of the surface of a calm lake in the evening . a flat vessel covered with rocks floats in the water . the sky is hazing over the shore and water line .
it was nana 's birthday the young kids were there too and they even had a mascot for the young ones he was a very silly guy indeed nana loved her birthday party
a woman has taken her daughter to see her granddaughter an elderly woman in a wheelchair talks with another a little girl that is sitting on a small chair a little girl smiling with a red shirt and blue jean skirt on someone from above took a cute picture of a little girl dancing around .
we went to the hospital to visit grandma . she had been recovering very well said the doctor . we brought out little girl and dressed her . she was wearing a red sweatshirt . she was really happy to be with the family that day .
a old lady that is sitting the wheelchair . a woman sitting and speaking to a woman in a wheelchair . as the little girl waits in doctors office with mom dressed to impress the little girl is wearing a shirt made by j.lo . a young girl dancing around and looking up
lili was so excited to see her great grandmother . she took a trip to see her in the nursing home . lili 's mother also enjoyed the trip . as she talked with her grandmother , they discussed what life was like during the depression . lili loved the big comfortable chairs that they had there . it made her feel like a princess . later , the family toured the nursing home and lili was in awe looking at all of the sites . many people from the nursing home stopped to see her dance . it made everyone there extremely happy !
a day with grandma is in the works as mother and child pick her up , ready to take her out on the town . a younger woman is sitting in a chair talking with an older lady who is in a wheel chair . a little dressed up girl is sitting in a chair in a fancy waiting room . a little girl is smiling in a red shirt . very happy little girl caught in action with her hair swinging .
the married couple decided to take a road trip to the beach . they got there around 2 pm and took a selfie at the sea . they hung out in the dunes a little . after the beach they went into town and explored . they capped the day off with a nice dinner .
a car with its doors open and a man standing outside of it . a man and woman together at the beach , taking a picture . a man in green holding a woman in white close a man stands on an old out door stair case in front of a rock wall . a woman is about to dig into a dessert in front of her .
the couple was ready for their first vacation together . first stop was to the landmark beach . next they went to the boardwalk for some rest . then they headed towards town for dinner . they had a unique dessert to cap off their first day of vacation .
a guy posing for a photo behind the open doors of his car a man and woman wearing glasses posing for a photo in front of a beach . a man and woman are leaning on a wooden fence standing at the bottom of the stairs chilling . the young blonde woman wants to eat some food
my wife and i took a picture together on the beach . while i was walking to our room , she decided to take a picture of me . later that day , we took the ferry to the cathedral . the cathedral was grand , we snapped outside shots . near the cathedral , we found a lovely light tower .
man smiling standing outside of a grey car a couple takes a selfie on the beach . a couple taking a picture on the beach . a man stands at the bottom of a concrete stairway with a stone wall behind him . an image of a blonde woman with a dessert in front of her
the day threatened rain , but everyone was dressed up so wonderfully . as the weather threatened people still had fun . even the little kids got in on the action . parents took some group photos of their kids . and afterwards everyone let loose a bit !
a large group of people dressed in multi-colors walking down an outside path a group of people wearing similar outfits and dancing around small kids people dressed up in red white and green for an event outside 4 small children posing in front of a white column clowns and mimes having a good time at a party .
the performers marched to the house yard . they danced around while everyone watched . some of the kids joined in . while other children were content to watch . they danced their way into the house .
a group of people wearing red hats and brightly colored clothing walking along a path a group of individuals dance to self made music . a dance group performing that includes young children in it . four children standing in a line all wearing red and white . the group is dancing while wearing their white outfits and berets that look like pumpkins .
we all gathered because today was a very special holiday for us . we dressed uniformly in the outfits of our ancestors . even our children got to participate to better understand their family history . [female] , [male] , [male] and mirian all had fun in their cute little outfits . once we got to the church we danced and celebrated like there was no tomorrow .
the group of people are dressed in bright costumes with stripes on their pants . several people in a circle singing and dancing wearing mostly white outfits with red berets with the children in the center the circle . children in cool outfits getting ready to learn a dance routine . four young kids wearing matching colors take a picture . a group of people inside all dressed in white with red hats .
a great photo of this young couple just married that statue is known as the best clown ever statue location location in the morning , right before breakfast [male] takes a picture with a local girl . he is loving his vacation . you can see early morning the locals taking a swim in the warm water
bride and groom in an empty courtyard after marriage the ancient shrine appears to be guarded by a very colorful sentry . a vacant beach overlooking water and small islands in the distance an older man standing next to a younger female . ocean , beach view of a person in the water .
here we are on the first day of our trip to the beach . we were so excited that we both had to take pictures . we took a short break from the beach , but we got lost . however , we found more beach and it was more peaceful . we finally got in the water after a while .
a bride and a groom standing in front of a stone building . a green dragon dressed vividly in front of yellow building . a calm coastline with healthy green trees nearby . a man with a bright color shirt hugging a woman . a person in a body of water taken from the beach .
orale , holmes , i look like i just out of location location . but i can afford to travel to awesome places ! what a beautiful road to travel . almost nobody else here . we 've gout our own private paradise .
a bride and groom outdoors next to a stone structure . a colorful statue in front of a building . a view of a beach near the ocean with sand and gravel the smiling people pose for the camera with lush foilage in the background . a woman is wading waist deep in the water .
leave it to mom to set herself up for one of my photos ! not sure how this invention would work , but it made a great photo ! i love taking photos of neon signs - this one is so cool with the steam or cloud floating off it ! sometimes the simplest photos are the best ! after a hard day as a photographer , nothing better than a selfie with my bff !
a person in a crouched position mimicking a sign . a cup that has ice cream inside of it . a large brightly lit sign that says domino 's sugars is set against a black sky . a black cup containg cofee is on the table two redheaded women outdoors dressed for cold weather .
she placed the no dog sign in the yard . it was time for a treat . from inside , she could see the old domino sugars sign lit up against the dark sky . a hot cup of tea should do the trick . they both felt great the next day .
a man poses like the pooping dog on the signs two small cuts of ice cream with spoons in them . a glowing neon sign that says `` domino sugar '' a close-up , top view of a beverage in a mug . two young women dressed in scarves , jackets , and hats smile into the camera as they pose for a selfie .
taking a dump on the no dumping sign . quick stop for some frozen yogurt . the domino sugar plant ! some tea for the evening . having a good time on our winter trip .
a man is squatting over a sign that tells dog owners not to allow their dogs to defecate on the grass . two foam cups filled with ice cream sitting on brown table a large red neon sign , advertising domino sugars , sits atop a building . tea is in a circular teacup on a granite table young females smiling for photo outdoors in city setting .
while watching the parade we watched a lady in a large costume . then we saw someone with a gold painted face smiling at us . then we saw a group of men in black and yellow costumes . then a group of people passed wearing many colors . we saw a couple of people with pink and yellow suns on their head .
a person wearing a head piece in some kind of festival a festival sculpture on the street with a group of people a man in very intricate green face paint . a man dressed in a golden bird costume is walking in a parade with dozens of spectators watching . a woman wearing a yellow and pink outfit with a mask above her face , revealing face paint .
our whole family saw the parade we saw someone in a colorful costume . we saw a skeleton that was red . we saw a green skeleton with teeth . the gold dragon was really neat and our family liked it . at the end of the parade we saw a lady in green , pink and yellow .
a person wearing cultural clothing and makeup smiling in front of a [organization] [organization] . a festival in the streets with a giant orange green and pink skeleton on a person 's body . a person in a green skull mask with a spiked cap . a man is wearing an elaborate golden-yellow bird costume and is walking down a street in front a a crows of people . lady in a very bright pink and yellow costume .
some of the men wore interesting hats . there was a colorful skeleton posted high . one male walked passed me with a neon face . i was very thrilled by all of the action at that event . this man wore a very interesting color scheme as well .
a woman is dressed up as a queen with a crown on a float . street entertainer with cartoon like colorful character during festival . a man dressed up with yellow face paint . a man is dressed as a giant golden bird in a parade . a person in an ornate costume and elaborate makeup walks on a street .
the beach was n't calm today . they moved away from the water . they found a little cave . a lot of people had been in it based upon the foot prints . further inland , they found a stream that ran out into the ocean .
the footprints in the wet sand all over the beach a rigid crest of sand and rocky protrusions jet out of the ocean on a cloudy day . cliff face on the beach with a hole in it that lets you see the ocean a cave with sand over looking a beach . waterway with beach on one side and cliff like bank leads to ocean .
this area is filled with nature 's beauty , like the clean sand and blue ocean water . the rocks carved by the waves are stunning to look at . the naturally formed arched rock feature is especially stunning to look at . the rock formation perfectly frames the ocean waves . such a beautiful beach is starkly contrasted by the asphalt road nearby .
the beach by the choppy oceans contains lots of footprints . there is a rock close to the sea water . a cave like opening in a rock formation showing the ocean . shot from inside a beach cave looking out into the shoreline . the river flows through brown rocks , into the ocean .
the waves were crashing along the beach . the rocks were huge and you could walk through them . it was a good beach day .
large white waves crashing along the beach side . a rocky beach is next to white waves . a stone wall with a passage in it leads to the ocean . ocean waves can be seen through a rocky formation along with the sand from the beach . a shallow stream of water is pouring in from the ocean .
today i went and got my face painted . my friend also got her face painted . then my mom wanted too as well ! we got ready to march in a parade . it was a fun parade and i want to do this next year .
a little girl with a painted face blows a party favor . a girl that is wearing make up and accessories . the woman is dressed up in a costume and has a mop like wig on . a person playing a drum with a container of fake french fries on her head . a woman with a very peculiar interest in sausages .
we took [female] to the gay parade . [female] gomez was there and she made everything fun . everyone was dressed up in creative costumes . hats were a big focal point . i accidentally ripped my dress but my hat was the focal point anyway .
a girl has white face make up , red nail polish , and a pink hair barrette , and is covering her mouth . a woman wearing purple lipstick and headbands stares ahead a woman is wearing a wig that looks like a mop on her head . a group of musicians dressed up and playing music outdoors/ a woman with head decoration shaped like sausage links .
the little girl was happy and her friend was too . the dress up was nice and there were cool costumes on everyone .
younger looking white girl with white makeup on holding a yellow poka-dotted scarf in her hand a girl is pictured with purple lipstick on . an older olive skinned woman wearing a wig people with costume hats marching in a band a women with a shell necklace and red painting on her face wearing three different color and style head coverings .
the view from the airplane on the first day of vacation . a beautiful villa int e distance . the setting sun over the horizon . a gorgeous view from our hotel room . the morning sun as we drink coffee from out hotel .
beautiful aerial photo taken of shore line and bright blue ocean . a city skyline off of the bay at dusk . a beautiful picture of a body of water with large clouds overhead and a big city in the distance . overview image of a city along the ocean . this is a beautiful sunset . purple and orange skies .
i was visiting a coastal town in location last year . as the evening came the colors of the setting sun really made it look picturesque . as the sun went down the scenery got better and better . you can see the wondful sun setting here . i was able to see it here just as it set over the town .
a wide shot of a landscape littered with small suburbs and winding roads an image of a lake with a city on the side of it gray overcast day , with looming clouds above a calm lake . a clustered city sits at the base of the tall mountains . a pink and purple sunset above a house
this year , on our vacation , we took a helicopter ride . we saw the beautiful sites of the city from up above . we got to see a bit of nature too . the sun cast beautiful colors . as it set , we decided this was our best vacation yet .
from the air , the ocean is bright blue next to the land formation . a small community stands on a small piece of land next to the water . partly cloudy sky over a seaside coastal town . a lake surrounded by mountains and a city by the coast line overview of a house with a few lights on as the sun sets off in the distance
the bikes were lined up in a row , just waiting for their bikers to get on and go for a ride . the flowers as well were just lined up waiting for the riders to ride through them , so the bikers got on their bikes and road through the beautiful flowers on this crisp , clear day .
five motorcycles parked on the side of a road . two men and one woman wearing jackets stand near motorcycles and parked cars . large field of pink and yellow flowers with green stems . people walking in a colorful flower filled field with an airplane flying above . two people ride motorcycles in a forested area .
we had breakfast at a restaurant , before heading out on our trip . first we visited sea world and saw killer whales do tricks in the water . afterwards we went to a park , that had fields of different colored tulips . here you see , purple , white and pink colored tulips . we saw some bikers , on our drive back to our apartment .
five motorcycles sit on the side of the road . three people stand next to motorbikes in a parking lot . many pink , yellow , and red tulips fill a field . bicyclists walk in a colorful meadow of flowers and blooms . a pair of people ride motorcycles on the street
went for a ride with the whole gang . we saw shamu in a lake ! wow , that is one serious field of tulips . so many different colors of beautiful tulips . just enjoying the road , on my steel horse .
five motorcycles lined up against a curb on a wet roadway . three men are taking a break from riding their motorcycles and talking . a field of tulips in colors of pink , yellow , red . onlookers with their bikes walking among brilliantly colored flowers with a plan flying overhead . two men wearing helmets while taking a ride of their motorcycles .
i went on vacation last weekend . i stayed in a really small hotel . there were only a few people staying there . outside there was cattle walking around . i had a good time walking the streets and admiring the buildings .
the girl is dressed in orange clothes and yellow t shirt a european-style building has brown walls and blue shutters . a small part of a town with a motorcycle under a small roof . an animal with curving horns next to a man wearing a red shirt . an elaborate lookout tower with an ornately designed roof top .
kiran lives in a small village in location . her home is in a large , but beautiful apartment complex . her mother tries her best to keep a tidy home , inside and out . her father herds cattle for her family . they are a close , happy family .
a young asian girl wearing a yellow dress standing and smiling . a building is pictured with a car and a sign in front . the scooter sits in the old empty alleyway . a man views a large healthy steer with droopy ears . some sort of tower stands in front of buildings .
this little girl had just got home from school . she showed me where she lived . the streets were very old and cluttered . i think ts was a bull walking down the street . this structure was right in the middle of town .
a young girl looks down and smiles at what she sees . the side of a building with two open windows on the upper floors . a scooter leaning under a bridge with buildings around it a man in a red shirt and blue jeans walks beside of a large horned animal . small statues surround the top of a decorative tower .
[male] and barbra had gone to take some couples photos in a historic park . once they saw the results they decided this is where they would wed . after clearing the covered entrance way with the bridesmaids barbra crossed the stone bridge . organization fish swim in the water below . this was the view for the guests as they got married .
three bridesmaids accompany a bride over a bridge . a view of a stream with sandy banks and rocks . a garden that leads to the tranquility of life . a toy train is on a set of tracks . a tree with bot red and green leaves .
i had a great time at the wedding last year . the location they chose was beautiful . the weather was very good . there was also a train going around the property . i love this time of the year .
a bride and her bridesmaids are walking across a stone bridge . a calm creek surrounded by several forms of nature . a beautiful nature scene featuring a brook any bridge in the background an outdoor miniature train set with buildings and bridges . many of the leaves are red and some still partly green .
the bride took a walk on the nature trial before her wedding . she needed some time by herself to relax . she saw all kinds of plants and trees . a small train model was set up on display . the leaves had started to change .
a bridal party is walking down a brick walkway the stream is surrounded by trees and other vegetation . a picture of a wooden bridge over a small creek . a toy train travels through a small train platform . a tree with leaves changing colors with the change of seasons
many bikers enjoyed parking their bikes to go to the beach . before they would head out they made sure they had a hotel to put their stuff in . once they were back at the beach they checked out all the nearby beach houses . heading over to the beach they would see all kinds of people walking even cowboys . the best part of the beach was walking on the old bridge that was made of broken up cement .
a row of street cruiser motorcycles lined up in front of a bar with palm trees . a man is entering the driftwood motel . a rainbow flag is at the top of a tall pole two boys in cowboy hats walking along the shore . a man at the end of a rock walkway looking at the ocean .
the street down town was very busy . there were a lot of people out that day . the building at the edge of town had a lot of glass windows . the cruise ship was docking for a visit . the building i wanted to see was being redone .
a line of motorcycles parked in front of a restaurant . people walking into a motel with yellow walls . a gay pride flag flies high off of a blue balcony . two men in cowboy hats are walking along the beach . a cracked stone pathway leading into the ocean with a man standing at an easel at the end
this trip was like a scene right out of a 50 's movie . the motel was so old that it did n't even have air conditioning . but , they did fly their flag everyday . walking along the beach was breathtaking and very enjoyable . walking on the breakers was a bit nerve wracking , but the view was worth it .
several motorcycles are parked in a line on the street . a group of people outside a motel called the [organization] [organization] . a rainbow flag flies above a beach house . two men in cowboy hats walk in thought down the sidewalk beside the ocean . a person that is standing on top of the rocks .
it 's time to go to the russian museum . we had to stop to get ear wax removal first . here 's the placard and ... ... what 's left of the museum . we said screw it and went for dinner .
two people that are taking a photo of their shadows . a picture of a product is on the wall with the beach in the background . two plaques on a sandstone wall in another language . the remains of a building with two arched doorways is near a town . an image of lobsters on top of a white plate
on their road trip , [male] and [male] did many things . before the trip they studied the map they found of the water front . they loved stopping and looking at the boats . their favorite was stop was this restaurant and all the crawdads they ate there . after eating they rented a little tent and snoozed on the beach .
the shadows of two people ( one holding a camera ) are shown .|the shadows of two people ( one holding a camera ) are shown . a bottle of sunscreen on a concrete wall overlooking a beach . two white monument plaques with words on both and a red diagram on one . the old brick buildings are still a nice sight to see and explore . a plateful of yummy crab waiting to be eaten .
today my husband and i visited the ruins at location . we made sure to pack plenty of sunscreen because we were both fair skinned . we saw several historic monuments . the ruins were fascinating . for lunch , we enjoyed fresh seafood at the shore .
a shadow of two people standing next to each other against a gray surface the sun tan lotion was on the edge of pier . a monument done in white with lettering and a symbol engraved on the front . a deteriorating stone building that is collapsing little and little a plate of crawfish with a lemon on the side
playing guitar requires concentration . the banjo is usually played with faster beats . string instruments all compliment each other . the band is really tight with each other and keeping it fun . bass and fiddle , what a combo !
a man playing with a musical instrument in his home . a man on stage looking down at a banjo as he strums it . a man is playing a guitar as part of a band the three people are playing different musical instruments . a band that is playing their instruments on stage .
our jam night had quite a variety of talent and instruments . we had a mandolin player . no blue grass jam is complete without a banjo . of course the steel guitar is a must . then you add an upright bass and a fiddle player . to complete the ensemble we have our guitar .
a man playing a ukelele with other musicians man in a lads cap plays the banjo at a pub . a group of musicians are playing music in front of a steel tank at a brewing company . three people are playing stringed instruments in a room with two big tanks . two men practice playing their instruments together indoors
we heard that a local group would be performing that night at the restaurant . i did n't recognize anyone in the act , but i did like the music as they began . the lead was very gifted on various stringed instruments . everyone in the group played a different stringed instrument in all the songs . they really got into the performance and i was extremely impressed that night .
1 person , wearing glasses , playing an f-style mandolin indoors a man stands on stage playing a banjo . a man playing an instrument during an event at a [organization] [organization] . a older man is a band playing the fiddle . two men in front of microphones with musical instruments .
the kids loved kindergarten . they did many art . the toys were so fun./ they got to play learning games on the computer . then they watched a movie on the projection screen .
a young child is writing something on a paper . a table full of multiple famous dr. seuss books . two plush animals are next to each other the kids are looking at a laptop screen . some children are seated before a screen with an image projected on it .
the kids were writing on the paper and had book . there were stuffed animals there and the children were happy at the presentation .
a child in school working on taking a test a low angle view of many children books as they are layed out . the cat in the hat and the grinch posing together a pair of students talk over video chat through a laptop . a group of people that are looking at the screen .
the students write down why they think reading is important . a pile of books that the librarian will go over . the students watch a quick video about the importance of reading . suzy holds up the cat from `` the cat and the hat '' . the students interact with another class about what they learned about reading .
a young person writing letters with a pencil on paper . a collection of different books written by dr. susses . 2 famous characters are personified in the stuffed animals . the children interact via the computer with other children . there is a projector on the wall of the classroom .
the evil villain 's lair crushed , we headed back to headquarters . driving over 150mph , we made it there in no time . crossing the invisible bridge we made our way into the normally unreachable region of our backyard . under this mountain lies the home of heroism and bravery . yes , indeed , under this mountain lies the hall of justice .
a building is crumbled behind a lake outside . a red car travels down a two-lane road in the middle of the woods . a view of the dame through the pine trees . a mountain with snow and rocks under a cloudy sky . two hikers surveying recent snowfall in the mountains
the scene of serenity with a rusted old relic . driving through the canopy gives them a feeling of peace . the damn is incredible from a distance . the snow is thick and powdery . the men make their way through the snow with some resistance .
metallic collapsed structure sitting in a grassy field beautiful , tall , straight , pine trees line this curvy road . beautiful view from atop a mountainous region overlooking a lake a jagged rocky mountain with snow on it two people with hiking gear climb the side of a small summit .
we decided to visit the countryside for vacation . the open road was upon us ! such great views as we drove . this is a train we took to get to our hotel . the hotel was so nice !
large run down building in the grass next to a pond . a red car is traveling down a winding road . a large dam holds back water in a tree-filled valley . the mountains are covered with deep snow creating cliffs . two people are backpacking on the snowy hills in the woods .
the photographers from the office all got together for a little get together after work . we had some drinks , and had some fun . we played some drinking games and had a blast ! we dared [male] to but a bow on his head and post a picture on organization . [female] had too much to drink and had a nap on the chair .
a man with gray eyes holding a reserved sign . a seemingly inebriated young adult wearing a red ribbon around his head . a man is trying to show that he is putting a gel into his mouth a white inflated horse is laying on its side . girl holding someone 's hand , lying down next to `` reserved '' sign
i had a crazy party at my house last weekend . i invited all my friends and i had a full bar . some people brought some interesting items . we had a lot to drink throughout the night . some people fell asleep .
a young man holding a sign written in cursive man wearing a red ribbon around his head indoors . man holding a small white container and pointing to his lip . a unicorn s pictured next to love lube a woman is laying down on a blue table that is reserved
[male] 's dad reserved a restaurant just to celebrate his 22nd birthday . [male] got too drunk and tied a lanyard around his head . his friend bucky brought a tub of tobacco to share . a stuffed unicorn made the party even better . khristian tried to comfort [female] who was too drunk to sit up .
a man near a brick wall is holding a reserved sign . man with red ribbon tied above his forehead . a man holds a jar in one hand and presses a finger on his other hand to his mouth . a plastic horse lies near a tub of vasoline . the woman is laying down at the reserved table .
the tourists stop at an old castle . after that , they go on a small hike to see the scenery . then , they stop at a very small , old churcj/ they come across a local with chickens in a basket . then , they see 2 elephants .
a person is standing on some steps outside . the sidewalk goes through the hills and trees . a large blue building with a cross on top . the lid being removed from a woven basket . two elephants are seen transporting two men on a road in a tropical area .
we were so excited for our trip to location . the landscape was absolutely stunning on the way to the village . we stopped at a local church along the road for a drink . we saw a snake charmer who did a brief show for us . we finished the day riding elephants to our accommodations .
a man is up the stairs of a local church . a path passes a small hillside planted with young saplings . a skinny small church that is colored blue . the basket looked like it was full of baby chicks but they were on top of blankets two chained elephants walking on road with men sitting on them
manny was excited to visit the village that was in the middle of nowhere . he loved to see their unique structures , and he loved watching the villagers work hard for what they got . he also thought it was amazing that they rode elephants in the middle of the street ! manny was able to ride one , and he thought to himself , man , this village really knows how to live life right .
the man has stopped halfway down the steps . a view of the mountains from the top of the hill . a tall skinny blue building has a cross on its roof black hands are peeling the lid back on this basket . the elephants walking down the street with riders
they decided to stop and eat at the cafe as they toured the city . the couple wondered if this was a family crest of some sort . the statue was somewhat creepy to them with the kids hanging onto the mans legs . the couple ran through the leaves in the park . at the end of the day they saw these two interesting buildings by the bay .
a oval silver sign attached to a metal rod spelling cafe sansibar kneipe an ornate building is decorated with sculptures a low angle view of a stone nitch containing a statue . leaves are scattered on the ground in a park . modern new buildings line the waterway while a cargo ship drifts by .
when i arrived at the french city of atelier , i went to the cafe first . after drinking my coffee i looked around at the cool monuments . the statues were weathered and old . the park was lonely so i headed to the ports . i saw the ships coming and going for about thirty minutes before i went back to my hotel , bored .
a cafe that is proud to present its shop to the street . decorative brown/white bas relief with three crowns on a shell on the side of a balcony the main person in the sculpture is holding some kind of tree frond . the grass in the park is covered with the fallen leaves of the trees a small green boat is floating in the water
the local restaurants prepare for a busy day . this bar is known for its excellent house brews . people make their way down the highway to get to their favorite restaurants . the city has been doing a lot of renovations lately , slowing business . at the end of the day all the workers take the train home .
the sign for the cafe sandbar kneipe a plaster carving with three crowns and a knights mask a statue of a man raising his hand has two worshipers at his feet . fallen leaves on ground in park space in suburban area . the green equipment is parked in the middle of the harbor .
my friend begged me to sight see while we were overseas . after i agreed , we encountered some unique statues atop buildings . however , the statues during our window shopping were interesting as well . even the statues along the streets were fun to look at . she was very happy that we were able to explore before saying goodbye to the city .
a woman with brown hair stands in front of a small building . a statue of the lion holding a shield two white cat statues sitting in a window . the sculpture is in the shape of a teddy bear on a chair . woman standing under an arch waving at a camera
the scary woman was looking very scared and spooky a big statue of a brown lion holding of grey plate with the symbol another 2 statues of two white cats send a statue of a teddy bear sitting in a clay chair scary lady is now waving goodbye to everyone
a woman dressed in warm clothes is standing in a small planted area nearby a building the lion statue brought plenty of attention standing boldly two unpainted white ceramic cats that are smiling the monument is of a teddy bear seated on the couch it woman taking a picture in a small tunnel that is designed to connect parts of the city
we toured the factory today . they had ceramic cat statues . a concrete teddy bear statue was unique . the entrance had gets structure . they go through a process to make all the items in the factory .
a woman in a grey scarf and a long coat standing in front of a house a brown lion statue holding a sign outside an image of two white cat statues next to each other concrete statue of a bear sitting on a chair lady waving to camera along a cobble stone walkway .
[female] is taking her first trip across location . they 've driven miles through green fields . they stopped here for some lunch and she took this selfie with a landmark building in the distance . there was a street vendor selling his drawings and [female] bought one as a souvenir . this was her favorite cafe out of the entire trip .
a woman sitting on public transportation by the window a scene green field outside the window of a train . a woman in a white shirt capturing the landscape behind her . a curly haired man looks at his display of black and white photography at a show . two men reading a menu posted outside of a restaurant .
on the bus , i 'm getting ready to visit the capital in location . the narrow streets point their way straight to the organization organization . what a beautiful view of my destination . by the river , i 'm stopping to enjoy the sunshine and a camera shot . headed back out of town are the railroad tracks headed to location .
a woman is in a vehicle , has head phones in her ears , and is smiling . a countryside is covered by growing corn plants , a woman smiles into a camera by a lake a person is looking at a bunch of pictures two men looking at the menu outside a red-bricked pub
i took a train ride through the city . the scenery was lovely . i took a photo by the river . as i walked around , i saw some nice art for sale . and of course , i window shopped a bit .
a woman with earphones is sitting on a train or bus . the long country road by the field is very empty . a woman in a white sweater smiles in front of a serene lake and old buildings . a man standing in front of photograph artwork . two men examine the menu of a streetside pub .
yesterday was my birthday and we went out to walk down by the dock . there was a lot of traffic downtown but we eventually found a parking garage . there was a large boat anchor down there . we swung by a club for a few minutes . then we decided to ride on the organization wheel .
a person is taking a picture of themselves in a fun house mirror young children standing outside of doorway lit with colorful lights . a woman is standing on a decorative anchor a pink and blue psychedelic picture of a little girl standing . a clear blue sky is visible behind a [organization] wheel .
smile , as mom takes your photo ! funky lights make this hallway fun . anchors away ! poor exposure makes bad photos . let 's get stuck at the top !
she is in the habit of taking pictures of herself in mirrors two children are admiring the many colors on the walls . an image of a gilr posing on a giant anchor a colorful picture that has blurred lights is showing a person looking back . a ferris wheel in from of a blue canvass
the trip to the city was so much fun . we got to explore the hands on museum . they had the crazy mirrors that make you look funny . we enjoyed the life like paintings that look like real images when you look at them . i enjoyed the giant anchor swing for the first time ever .
during her time at the carnival she took a picture of herself in a weird mirror . the two children stays behind the exit door anchor up in the air with a girl on it . a little girl is standing in a brightly colored room an incredible shot of a very large ferris wheel with people in the seats enjoying the breathtaking view .
we went to watch a bike race yesterday . the bikes were very sleek and fast looking . we saw the winner cross the finish line . we had a big celebration as the champ got his trophy . at the end , everyone packed up there bike and went home .
people are walking past red cars with bicycles on top of them which on the street . bianchi makes some very colorful racing bikes , like the one shown . a crowded street full of bicycle racers surrounded by trees a man on a bike near a finish line of a race . here 's a picture of the winner of the race .
everyone was getting ready for the bike marathon . this was one of the many bikes that were present at the race . the bikers were in full force as they raced toward the finish line . many approached the finish line while others were still trying to get there . in the end , the winner received a special trophy .
a car with many bikes on top of it that is red a yellow and light green bike was by a black tarp a large group of people riding bikes along an asphalt trail . a man on a bike crosses a finish line with his hands in the air . athlete standing with women entertaining a crowd with a guy in costume
we arrived for the big bike race very early in the morning . i had bought a new bike for the race . i did n't tell my wife how much it cost . the race was challenging . the route was gorgeous , though . i realized a little bit from the finish line that i was going to win . the moment of getting my trophy was truly one of the best moments of my life .
cars carry bikes for the cycling team they belong to . the bike is tealish green and yellow and in good condition . the bikers are making their way down the trail at a good pace . a picture of a bicyclist during a race riding without use of his hands . a man wearing white clothes winning a marathon .
while on vacation , we went hiking in the mountains . the view was spectacular . the bigger the mountain , the snow it had on it . the further we hiked up , the colder it got . when we got to the top , the sun glistened beautifully on the ridge .
a landscape with clouds , snowy mountains and water . clouds are visible above snow topped mountain peaks . snowy peaks of a mountain with clouds overhead . image of a bunch of snow that is covering mountains and grassy areas . a mountain in the background is pink at the top
[female] was excited for her trip to the mountains . she could n't wait to climb them and see those snowy tops up close . like really , really close . but most of all she was looking forward to reveling in the natural , peaceful beauty of the mountain range .
a tranquil view of a lake with placid water and mountains snow covered mountain peaks under clouds in the distance . a bunch of snow is covering a mountain bird footprints sit all over a snowy landscape . a snow capped mountain is displayed under a snowy sky .
starting the hike . looks like it 'll be a challenge ! making progress . i thought this was a good shot . looking back where we 've been ! almost-to-the-top-selfie ! satisfying day , ending with a beautiful sunset .
a large lake lies in front of a series of snowcapped mountains . the snow-capped mountains look dark and forbidding in the gray skies . snow covers the large mountain in the distance . a snowy glacier is depicted on an overcast day . a snow capped mountain top on a very cloudy day .
the man was redoing his house . they wanted to repaint things and fix it up real nice . there is so much work for him to do . he does n't even know where to start . he decides he needs to repaint that room .
two dusty buckets and a fire extinguisher sitting in a fireplace . picture of remodeled house and removed fireplace and barren wall . a white substance is hanging from the ceiling by the top corner of a doorway . an old piece of wood is set deep in a wall , occupying the space between two framed windows . the wall is white and seems to be very old .
before fixing a fire place 's molding you must have the right tools first . then you need to inspect the fireplace in sections . i start inspecting from the top of the fireplace because it is the most noticeable . then i work my way during the inspection from the side of the fireplace down . for this particular job , the problem lies at the bottom of the fireplace . this damage is due to the flames from the fireplace .
an older fireplace that is being refurbished in an older home . an old building has repair items in it the corner of the doorway is made of wood brown foundation between white trim of a building . part of the drywall between two windows has been removed .
we bought an old house . it needed a lot of work . the walls were listing . the paint was pealed off . there were bugs coming in ?
some supplies sitting inside of an old fireplace next to wooden boards . large white mantle leaning against a worn wall . the crown molding of the building needs repair some brown stones are covering a gap in a wall brown foundation of a wall between white trim .
my frat brothers came to visit this week . i had some serious flashbacks to college binge drinking . we always did know how to get the girls . my office was the only room that did n't get trashed . i sure had a good time seeing all the guys , but i 'm glad things are back to normal !
a blurry picture of the city has a cloudy sky in the background . a man that is wearing a towel on top of his head . a group of people are socializing around a swimming pool in an apartment complex . an messy office with a small desk , computer and printer . the man is looking down into his book .
here i am reviewing some notes before my next test at school . the party is on and our brother is caught in the mix ! he poses for the camera with the flower he picked out for his girl . here we are having fun on the ping pong table . here i am making a funny face for my selfie .
a walkway next to a large city area a young man who looks like someone just scared him . a man and woman on sitting by the beach . room with brown desk and computer monitor placed on it . a man in a white shirt reading a book while sitting on the ground .
this is my city . it is beautiful and broad . it 's rainy from time to time , but we try to stay dry . sometimes it rains so hard , that we need to wear a towel indoors . the rain drips from the ceilings at times , so it helps us cover our head from the insecticides that run off from the roof . i remember when it all started . before the thirtieth anniversary of our favorite television show spongebob squarepants , we decided to throw a party for us and the kids . unfortunately , this party would be our last . hailstorms and light trails began to scour the location . we ran into our quarters , and looked on the internet to see if we could find why this torment was occurring in nature . we realized it was caused by the local trappist monk who was reading [male] potter books . he would strap a wrist protector in order to defend himself from the shingles . it worked , but this was the last time we would see him .
a city stretches on into a cloudy sky . a man with a towel upon his head and around his face . a shirtless man is sitting down next to young girls in bathing suits . a person 's office is shown , and it looks messy . a man that is looking at the papers in his notebook .
it was a great day to get some work done they opened up and served customers right away they waited for more customers to come in they offered many treats and snacks here the boss is teaching the new employee how to work the machines
an enclosure is made of wood and has moss growing on its side a woman pours coffee into a cup on the counter . the restaurant is all clean and ready for the customers . various desserts are arranged on trays next to a pile of plates . two older women dressed in blue making coffee
this is grandma 's cafe from outside . it 's beautifully decorated by grandma 's plants and wooden entrance grandpa made . grandma is pouring a cup of coffee to a neighborhood friend who stopped by to get delicious cup of our family traditional coffee this is the cafe gramda owns . no one is here because the cafe is n't open yet but usually it 's packed ! grandma 's delicious baked goods that she offers at her cafe . they are baked fresh daily . grandma was teaching mommy how to make proper coffee using traditional family recipe
flower pots hang on the edge of a brown awning . a group of family members eat a meal in their kitchen restaurant with country theme , all wooden tables with wooden bar and wood panel walls . a wooden table with many different pastries on plates . two women looking at an espresso machine , one explaining .
this is a nice , country style diner . a woman inside attends to a customer . the restaurant 's country interior holds many people . the restaurant serves many different styles of dishes . the employees of the restaurant serve hot coffee .
a brown building has an open arbor on the entrance with hanging flowers and a fence . woman in blue pouring coffee for young woman with tan vest and large purse a rustic dining hall of a log cabin restaurant , complete with wood paneling on the walls , wooden tables and chairs , as well as wood flooring . group of pastries sitting on top of a wooden counter top . two workers examine the correct way to make coffee .
we went to the freestyle expo there was bmx freestlye dance freestyle as well so many talented people performed included [male] jeorge
man getting ready to ride a motocross bike , first he needs to adjust things a shirtless man performing bicycle stunts in front of a crowd . the crowd cheered wildly as one of the man break danced with no shirt on . the man in the orange pants impressed the crowd with his dance moves . a man dances on wood floor while other men watch from behind
the guy was doing tricks on his bike then another came . he had no shirt but another was doing tricks when a guy came and danced .
man practicing skateboard tricks in a crowded lot the man does a trick standing on his bicycle . a shirtless man performs a dance move on the floor . a man is holding himself upside down on one hand as people watch . the man is dancing in the middle of a group .
a group of bicyclists , skateboarders and dancers get together to preform . the skateboarder rolls on the track . the break dancer stood on his hand and preformed . another break dancer spun on his head . the group that gathered to watch was very large and interested .
group of men working on bicycles outdoors together . performing complicated tricks , the man worked the crowd . a young man with no shirt doing a cartwheel on the floor a young man in orange pants stands on one hand . a man is dancing while people look on .
it was the twins ' birthdays today . [female] decided that she wanted to eat this . [male] loved this monkey , and we thought it fit with his personality . [female] was the most patient about opening her gifts . she really wanted to get into this one and play it , though .
a boy opens a birthday present at his party . a redheaded girl with a blue bow in her mouth . a boy makes a funny face as he holds up a chimpanzee birthday bag . a young female holding and playing with something she is holding and kissing the play station game .
check out what i got mom ! this is awesome ! well , if we ai n't gon na eat cake , then i 'm eating this bow . do you see the resemblance ? hmmm , how do i work this thing ? yeah ! let 's play some playstation !
a young boy opening gifts in front of two women and a young girl a young red headed girl is biting on a blue ribbon . a young boy with a monkey gift bag . she is looking closely at the object in her hand . woman with red hair biting a video game
[male] was quite enthused about his birthday present from grandma fran . fran seemed pleased with his approval . dad seems to think that he takes better pics with this old camera than i do on my phone . [female] wants to open some presents also ! this gift bag had a picture of billy on it !
a little boy is opening birthday presents while others watch . a red-headed child with a blue bow hanging from her lip , showing her blue fingernails to the camera . a boy sticks out his tongue while he holds an apparent game disk and a gift bag decorated with a monkey wearing a birthday hat . a young girl is trying to open a container . the young woman clutches a cd in her hand .
work decided to put on a teamwork event on the beach so we all got together and headed there . it was a long boring ride to get there . once we got to the station it took a while to get everyone together and walk to the beach . when we got to the beach we split in to groups and went over the activities . after the event was over we all got to play volleyball before heading back home .
two ladies seated in the bus are lookin at the camera a young man on a train sits with his head on his chin . a group of people packed into a crowded venue . they all gathered on the beach for a party young adults on cool day at the beach playing game of volleyball .
i waited for the bus to arrive to take us to the beach . it was a beautiful day for the beach . after the beach we went for a walk . there were a lot of people on the pier walking as well . after our walk we got back in the bus . we were very tired .
two women are sitting near a window of a train . a man in a blue button down shirt sits on a bus . dense crowding at the airport caused feelings of tension among the passengers . people on a beach with their backpacks stored in a pile on the ground . a group of young people standing on the sand next to a voley ball net
we took a bus ride to go to the city . we got really bored at times . we got off the bus and it was all a frenzy . it was finally worth it when we got to the beach . we were so tired out at first . someone set up a volleyball net . i played but my team lost . we did have a lot of fun .
two women are sitting by a window with a street scene outside and have a bottle on the table . a tired looking young man is sitting on a bus seat with other people around . an image of people crowded in the airport a group of friends have gathered at the beach for camping . a small group is playing volleyball in the sand .
it was a great day to go to the park little [male] was having a blast little [female] was a big girl and rode the ride all by herself she loved being so independent it was a great day at the park
a woman holds her child while they watch the procession of a bicycle race . a small train with kids and a parent on it . the children are riding on a small train . a little girl sits in an amusement park ride by herself . a young girl in pigtails sits on a carnival ride , waiting for it to begin .
waiting to cross the street to get to the fair . the children are enjoying the ride . friends in the background what the little girl riding alone . the wee one is riding alone but still having a good time . the little girl does n't mind being a lonely little lemon drop at the end of the ride .
a woman is holding a young girl , as cyclists ride by . a mother rides a small ride with her son . a woman and her kids ride on a ride in a country fair a little girl who looks sad sitting on a ride a little girl is sitting in a train and has pigtails
we took a trip to a carnival . the kids seemed to enjoy the ride . here is a candid moment with the family . she seemed very comfortable and pleasant in the ride . lastly , she did n't want the ride to end .
people are watching the cyclists race down the street . the woman took time to take your kids on a fun ride a woman and two small children are on a small train ride . a girl riding in an amusement ride car . the girl is lonely in the car by herself .
it was nice to see all the kids get involved in the parade . the little girl holding the flag looked like she was having a blast . the guys who sponsored the parade were happy to see it go off successfully streets were closed during the parade speeches were made during the parade and during the finale everyone was thanked
a school group dressed in matching sweaters and pants , marching in a local parade . an assortment of people are holding different flags . two men with green ribbons on their necks are standing in an area separated from the other people . the man seemed out of place walking down the road with two lanes of busy traffic a man is speaking into a microphone while a woman looks on , both of whom appear to be on a stage .
the parade yesterday was very long . it started out with all of the flags being walked through . then the speakers had to deliver all of their speeches . there was a lot of traffic backed up because of it . i was very glad that i was finally able to get through .
group of children dressed alike walking down a parade road . a young girl smiling while holding a flag . a pair of men received awards during a ceremony . a business man walks between the lanes of traffic . two adults read from colored booklets while standing on a raised platform .
these are the announcers for the local parade . everyone is gathered for last minute instructions before the parade begins . the marching band is going to lead the parade so everyone lines up behind them . the flag team is next . everyone quiets down as the marching band starts the parade off . the officials are happy because the parade is going off without a hitch .
people line up in blue outfits and carrying flags during a parade . people standing side by side holding yellow and blue flags . two men are shown at a public event . a man is walking away from a crowd near some flags and cars going one way . a man and a woman appear to be addressing a crowd .
while on vacation , we decided to go sight seeing . we went to many old parts of the city . we also went to the country . the houses that we saw were lovely . it was a great tou around the area..
an image of a man riding on a motorbike a man driving a passenger car and motorcycle into horizon a woman stands on a road that leads to a tall mountain . a yellow house that is sitting on the side of a hill the tower with the clock is seen against a bright blue sky .
today we took the new bike for a long ride we drove for miles and miles passed this cute young lady on the way drove by this awesome . a frame house . and finally ended up at the clock tower destination
a man wearing leather riding a motorcycle down the road a man drives a bike with a cart on it down the street . a woman is standing against a mountain backdrop . a secluded home surrounded by pines and other trees . looking up at a clock tower from the base of it .
i set off looking for my dream woman . cruising around i think i may have just passed her . an angel for sure i have finally found love . i took her back to my giant house in the forest little did she know she was to be looked in my tower for the rest of eternity .
someone drives an old school passenger motorcycle through town . a man is riding a motorcycle with a sidecar . a woman is standing by the side of a road . a house is shrouded from the camera view with various trees and foliage . a clock tower stretching into an open sky in this low angle shot
we were very excited to be visiting location on our trip . the architecture was absolutely stunning throughout the city . we stopped by the pier and watched the fish swimming below for awhile . we went to a local cafe to get some food since everyone was hungry . everybody loved the trip , we are excited to come back next year .
two high rise apartment complexes surrounded by trees a row of old stone buildings are all the same tan color . a city skyline is displayed from up close . a round , beige building is under cloudy skies a stone archway with beautiful artwork sculpted in to the stone stands tall and strong .
i took this as we were driving by these sad apartments . this place looks so dirty and scary . we were afraid to approach the people we saw on the dock . another old and sad building in the small town . i felt that these were the gates of hell as we drove away .
two high rise apartments above a steep hill . a tall building has many windows and railings in this image people are walking on a sidewalk . one curved stone building with many rectangular shaped windows a marble statue of an archway , with details of figures and columns .
we arrived in town and were ready to see the sights . we quickly check into the hotel and dropped our bags . and , immediately , we headed for the beaches . we love the coastline and the views ... but , we were really here to see the architectural structures .
a few abandoned looking buildings on an overcast day a group of older looking buildings with lots of windows . a panoramic view of a harbor , with people walking by and boats behind them . homes built into the mountain side with a blue sky with white clouds above the cement archway shows the city behind it .
found this picture going through stuff . the reflections back of christmas past . when times were simpler . puppies and babies are s good memory . the oldest photo was of great grandpa .
three little boys sitting on the stairs with toys . the two boys are having fun playing with the toys . the boy in a frey sweatshirt is holding a green frog . a child smiles for the camera and consoles his baby brother . a man that is next to the big vehicle .
the kids played on the stairwell while mother cleaned . once she was done they played in the den . [male] got out his pet frog . [male] played with the dog while [male] watched the baby . then mother let them look at her old photo album , telling them stories about the people they had never met .
young boys sitting on stairwell posing for photo at home . two young boys playing with a toy together on floor near tv . a kid has a frog on his shoulder . two young kids pose with a puppy and a crying baby . the old man is posing next to his 55 tractor .
it was a day at the farm . first , the ducks were fed . then he had to play with the puppy . he is so cute . riding a baby bull was a first for him . he did good though . the baby horse was so cute . he loved feeding him . then he finally met the baby horse that he wanted to see . it was a great day .
three children sitting on the steps holding items two friends on the floor with a building toy . young boy in a hoodie with a toad climbing up sleeve . photo of some kids sitting with their siblings and a puppy dog . an old picture of a man standing near a tractor
our downtown high school parade was today , featuring this girl . the parade also brought animals , such as this llama . there was also a fair and rides for the kids . one of the booths at the fair was kind of creepy , so we moved on . at night , the rides were lit up and beautiful . not bad !
many people are watching a young girl in a dance outfit parading down a street a strange animal is brown and in front of a red background . a group of people standing at the fair a brightly painted statue of a clown with its mouth wide open . carnival ride , lighted at night , second lighted ride in background
this girl is happy and beautiful ! this llama looks crazy ! what a great time at the fair ! this clown is so funny and entertaining ! what a beautiful and lit up sight !
a woman performing on the street with a group of onlookers looking . the baby animals fur feels soft to the touch . a ferris wheel in front of amusement stands at a state fair . clown statue with open mouth is displayed in a circus tableau . a seat spinning ride from a carnival brightly lit at night time .
the line into the fair was very long . they had a llama . the rides were amazing but standard . i found the sculpture of the clown scary . at night , the rides were lit up .
a large group of people are watching a parade at night a closeup of a brown baby alpaca 's face . a crowd of people at a fair with games and a ferris wheel . the colorful clown statue poses with his mouth wide open . an image of a carnival ride lit up at night
all the people are gathered around in celebration . [male] doesnt like the celebration and rides his bike away . oh no lots of zombies ! the zombies look hungery . everyone runs away in fear !
a large crowd of people talking together and mingling . this is a busy street scene with people crossing the street . a group of men are dressed up as zombies . boys in zombie makeup make attempts at looking scary . a crowd of people on the street in time square
a large crowd is outside in the streets . they are walking around the city . people are having fun with their friends and animals a lot of the kids display fun with makeup . after having fun , people head into one of the stores .
group of young people gathered at streetcorner doing casual thing a man dressed as a zombie walking down a parking lot out of four people who have painted their faces and making scary faces , one is carrying a teddy bear the boys are trying to lick the toy dog . people walking on the sidewalk to get to their destination .
we did something different for halloween this year . we went as zombies for the first time ! we really got into our costumes . a whole group of zombies joined us we had a lot of fun as the walking dead , and want to do it again next year .
a group of people that are standing next to each other . a group of people walk down the street in different directions . a group of guys are made up like zombies . a group of individuals are dressed as zombies , and covered in blood . people walk around the local shops and enjoy their day out .
it is christmas time and at my house `` i 'm the boss '' as the hat says and i really loved this gift . dads always love gifts of a festive nature such as socks or ties with little candy canes and christmas pictures on them . here are my kids opening presents left by location under the tree which i am sure will bring smiles and cheer . our dog ranger even has his christmas collar on and seems to be getting in on the festivities going on here at the house on this christmas . it seems like every christmas , now that video games are all the rage , that my son and a relative or friend spend hour after hour glued to the tv playing games but that is ok if it makes them happy on christmas .
a man giving a thumbs up wearing a beanie saying i 'm the boss . he loves getting underwear for christmas from grandma two kids are sitting on the floor in a living room opening christmas presents . the man is waiting for his next instruction . the man and child are in to the video game they are playing .
it was christmas morning at our house . time to open presents , dad got new boxers . all the kids had a great time opening their gifts . even the family dog was in a joyous spirt . mom and dad 's favorite part of the day is when the boys got along .
a person sitting down smiling big and giving a thumbs up signal a man shows off a christmas gift : a pair of boxers children are sitting on the floor opening presents a dog standing on the carpet by the tv . 3 friends playing video games and sitting on floor
christmas morning in the johnson household was always a madhouse . [male] johnson would put on the latest weird hat his wife had gotten him . every present got photographed , even underwear . the kids ripped open presents like maniacs . the dog [male] would get into it all , running around and barking . the only thing that would calm the kids in time was the latest new video game .
a guy smiling and giving a thumbs up sign man with glasses holding up boxers on christmas the kids are enjoying unwrapping their gifts at christmas time . a black dog is looking somewhere to the side the one thing that they could do together aways
the onlookers were lined up and watching . the first of the black african queens in the parade was coming down the street . beforehand the ladies had a great time . they helped each other dress up and get ready for the parade . this queen did n't look so happy or excited . she was playing the part well of a mean african queen . the outfits all looked glamorous . and everyone was enjoying the parade . the final queen was dressed in an extravagant red outfit . she waved and threw candy out to the kids watching .
a man walks wearing decorative red and gold dress . a man in costume is standing on the pavement a boy with a painted orange face and green leaves the highlight of the picture is the tubas presented in the front many people dressed in blue are performing in a marching band .
the big parade in our city is a study in contrasts . there are girls dressed up so fancily like this one here . i love seeing the showgirls prancing around ! the clothes they wear are so incredibly , and the props are huge . however , then there 's also very traditional parade elements , like a brass and drum band . you ca n't get much more traditional than this marching band , and i love that too . it 's great we can include many elements in our parade !
a person is dressed in a bright red costume covered with beads and feathers . two woman dressed up outside with lots of feathers a young woman is posing in a costume drums and other musical instruments are pictured here . a marching band dressed in blue with their instruments .
the parade was an amazing event , filled with color . the costumes were absolutely amazing . many participants in the parade had also painted their faces ! there was also a marching band in the parade . the marching band provided a fun musical backdrop for the festivities .
a native woman dresses in fancy red gear and fans for the festivities . these are artist beutifully embroided performing at a concert the person is dancing in a parade with a costume . the band is taking a rest and instruments are on the ground . a marching band in all blue walking down the street .
our trip to location was so much fun . the architecture was beautiful . my favorite thing to see was the location location . he was just excited to be back home . we even saw some snow while we were there .
a blue car is parked along the side of the road . students mozzy around the campus green , as they head to thier destination . the students are outside of the school talking to each other . someone working on a laptop while sitting on steps beside two columns covered in balloons a group of students that are sitting in front of the building .
a quick photo is taken before the family loads up into their car . once they have arrived , the group walks through the landscape . this group chats together while the rest explore other areas . one group member sits atop a set of stairs , overlooking festive balloons . in the end , the group returns to their original spot and rest atop more stairs .
a blue car sits at the curb ready for its driver this image is of people touring a garden and walking path three girlfriends stand talking and going over a book outside of a church while a man is sitting on the railing in the front of the building , while on a phone . a woman sits on the steps with her laptop open to get a picture of the balloons at the foot of the steps . a group of people sitting on the steps of a large red brick building .
we took a trip by car . we took a tour of historical buildings . there were a few people at this attraction . a student is seen doing her work on the stairs . lastly , we enjoyed our time here .
a close-up view of the back of a car . several people are walking in a park during warm weather . people sit and stand in front of a large brick building . a woman works on a laptop while sitting on steps outside of building . a group of people sit on the stairs of a prestigious looking brick building while they watch their dogs play nearby .
the family was off to enjoy a day at the parke . the adult and child clapped hands in the part the adult and boy gave high fives to each other . the older man was teaching the younger girl how to dance . both the children danced together of what they were taught .
a group of women and children walking down a paved pathway between tropical trees . a group of people are joining hands on the grass in the park . a young adult and a child who are happily celebrating something together . an older man helps a younger girl learn to dance . playing with the kids by the water in the park .
a family traveled to the park for some afternoon fun . the daughters danced together on the grass . the son was quite good and got a high-five from mom . dad then tried to teach his daughter to ballroom dance . sibling rivalries were erased by the end and by the fun of outdoor dancing .
a family is all smiles after attending an event two boys and two girls are playing a hand game . young woman and boy giving each other a high five . a man dances with a young girl by a river two children playing as a woman watches on .
family going to the park to have some fun . her mother is teaching her new tricks . mom teaching her son how to dance . her father teaching her how to dance . playing with her brother .
people walking , laughing down the street with their shopping bags . a woman wearing a black skirt and red and black shirt is dancing with a child wearing a blue shirt and jeans . a woman gives a boy a high five while they stand in the grass . two couples dancing with each other in the park two young children with hands embraced playing outside
[male] was too distracted by the floats to take a good picture . i think this was my favorite float in the parade . the toy soldiers were [male] 's favorite in the parade . this is a terrible picture to show how intricate this float was . you can never go wrong with [male] and [female] !
a father poses for a picture with his unaware son . a female mannequin on display at a decorated colorful platform . a procession of people dressed as toy soldiers playing instruments . the disney characters float on down the parade route while onlookers cheer on . [male] and [female] mouse perform in a parade in front of children and families .
these people were here for the parade . there were life size teddy bears . a lot of people walked the streets . there were intricate floats . even mickey mouse was there .
a man with a boy and a woman taking a selfie . a woman in a ball gown stands between a large teddy bear and christmas wreath on a platform resembling giant books . people in toy soldier costumes marching down a street a [organization] float drives down a parade route with children and adults on either side of the street . [male] and [female] mouse stand on top of a parade float .
we found our spot for the christmas parade . first a float came by with a giant teddy bear . then the nut crackers passed . then mickey passed by . [male] and minnie came buy again on ice .
man attempts selfie with boy with garden in background the christmas parade float is very detailed with toys and a ballerina . a band dressed as toy soldiers perform in front of a crowd . a parade float with [male] on it going down a street . people wearing character costumes stand on a parade float .
a family decides to spend their day relaxing at the beach . the husband and wife are very excited to finally be spending some time together . they also bring their kid so that she can enjoy the beautiful water too . eventually , the husband and wife decide to go for a swim , but take a picture together before getting all wet . finally , they head home . the dad is sad to be leaving , but happy that he had such a good day .
a group of individuals are on a wall taking a picture . a young couple is setting on a ledge above clear blue water . a women stares into the clear ocean water two people holding hands in the water at the beach . a man sitting in a car smiling for a camera
me and a few of my best friends went to the beach . my lover was fearful of the water but was a trouper about it . as the day went on she got closer and closer to the water . near the end of the day she stepped into it for the first time . i was so happy at the end of the day . my lover had shared a moment with me .
five people sitting on a cement block next to the ocean posing for photo a man and a woman seated on a cement structure in front of an open body of water a woman with a black shirt looks down at the water . adult couple stand in water while posing for photo . man with red shirt with glasses sitting in vehicle .
we took a group picture at the beach . my wife and i took some lovely photos . she posed in the natural realm . i had to get more pictures with her before we left . i ended up doing most of the driving home .
five people sitting on a ledge in front of the ocean . the man and woman sit on the wall near the ocean . woman looking out into the ocean from a cement pier . smiling couple wades into the ocean under a beautiful sky a man wearing a red shirt is a passenger in a car
i like the cake -- is this a football game celebration ? hmmm ... looks like it 's a birthday . i wonder whose birthday ? happy birthday ! who sent this present ? favorite aunt sent it . she always sends nice presents . this was the best birthday ever !
a couple sits with their son in their lap on the couch . a young boy brings a cake in the shape of a basketball to a man . a brightly colored basketball themed party table with a cake , soft drinks , cups and ice sitting on top . a photo of him opening presents and him getting a biker made by tyco . a boy stands among opened presents inside a room .
this is [male] , his mom and his dad . [male] 's uncle gave him a birthday cake . there were 3 candles for [male] to blow out . the cake was decorated just like a basketball , orange with black curved lines . there were party hats , and plenty of soda . [male] opened his presents . he got a toy motorcycle ! it took a long time to open presents but [male] wanted to open even more , it was so much fun .
two adults and a child are sitting together and smiling small boy holding an orange cake standing in the living room . a small basketball cakes sits in the middle of table . small child happily opening up a motorcycle toy that is a gift . a young boy wearing overalls standing in front of some chairs and a colorful bag .
this is my brother , his wife , and their son . it was his birthday today so i brought him a cake . this is the cake and he turns three today . after we ate the cake he opened his gifts . after he opened all his gifts , he thanked us all and appeared to be very very happy .
a young man , young woman and a little boy posing for a photo together . the man is holding the cake for the birthday boy . a birthday cake made to look like a basketball with a 3 on it . a young child who is seated is unwrapping gifts a young boy opening up his birthday presents .
the three of us decided to take a day trip to the vineyards . the green countryside was beautiful . we started seeing the vineyards as we passed by the warehouse of wine was enormous . nothing like a glass of wine with good friends to end the day .
a group of people that are standing next to each other . a soft , rolling field of grass with a solitary deer . the grapes are planted in rows on the farmland . the many caskets of wine at this brewery are stacked down a long hall . a woman is sitting at a table with three wine glasses .
the start of the wine tasting tour . the winery was built on nice rolling hills . the grapes were grown in long lines . inside , there were barrels and barrels full of wine . at the end of the tour , we got to do tons of tasting for the different vintages .
three people posing for picture in front of a statue a hillside with one lone deer standing in the grass . a large field where a crop is growing with trees on the side the three people are tasting the product at the winery . a women outside near three almost empty glasses on a small table .
a group of friends were traveling across the countryside . they drove through green rolling hills . they also drove by a winery and decided to stop and visit . tours were held at the facility and they decided to sign up for one . the trio also sampled the wines and picked out their favorites to take home .
three people stand on a sidewalk and pose for a picture a large hill is covered in wispy green grass clouds are in the sky over a green field three people , wine glasses in their hands , stand in front of a giant row of wooden barrels . a woman sits at a small round table with several nearly empty wine glasses on it .
the dj is prepping his tables . now he is testing his mics . looks like his headphones are ready to go . the first act takes the stage . the backup singer sounds great !
thee men sit at the controls of a night-time event . some kind of rap dj at a spin table . the man has on a black shirt and headphones on his head . a young black male holding a microphone up to his mouth a black man with a hat is singing .
i had never been to an edm concert before , and i finally got my chance friday night . dj lowblow was there and started everything off . after his set , dj jackknife took over and really got the crowd going . but everyone was waiting for dj belladona who took the place by storm . he was so good that i knew this would not be my last edm event by a longshot .
a group of djs plays music in a dark location . a man is djing behind a large electronic display a man is wearing a set of headphones a man with dreadlocks is speaking into a microphone . the dj has his mouth on the microphone .
the performers were ready to rock it out that night at the concert . the man is seen getting ready to start the music . the man is focused intensely on playing the right beats . the man is seen performing to the crowd in his hat . the backup vocal man is seen performing to the crowd .
a disc jockey performs in front of a lighted backdrop . a man wearing headphones standing in front of a lighted sign a man with headphones on in front of a light display appears to be djing . the rapper is performing for the crowd in the dark . a disk jockey taking into the microphone at a party
cities rich in history are the best cities to visit . the architecture and bridges are gorgeous . the local markets remind us of the simplest things in life . if you are feeling adventurous , you can rent little carts to explore the city . the best part of the city , is its beauty and how it integrates nature , culture , and civilization .
a large castle sitting on the water . an ornate pedestrian bridge ends at a very ornate archway . a woman looking at fresh produce at a produce stand . a group of battery operated cars in varying sizes are parked on the side of a parking lot . a single pale yellow flower pokes out between large green leaves .
the whole family was excited for their trip to location . everyone was amazed by the beautiful architecture . we stopped at a local fruit market , everything looked delicious . we had a great time exploring the city throughout the day . we ended the day by hiring a taxi to take us to our hotel .
this is a picture of a castle taken on a clear day . a picture of a brown bridge over the water in the day a woman peruses a display of many types of fruit . golf carts in various sizes and colors are parked alongside the road . a yellow lily flower among green lily pads
we traveled to visit a great city . the bridge was exotic and intricate . the farmer 's market was fresh and colorful . we also saw some funny looking cars . and nature was not forgotten here ; it was beautiful to sightsee .
a large waterfront building with multiple towers , a dome , and many windows . a beautiful bridge made of stone with people walking across it . the lady looked at the fruits and vegetable at the store . a group of non motorized wheeled vehicles parked on gravel . a closeup of green lilies with a single white flower .
this old fella still new how to have fun . this woman 's confidence was inspiring . these lovely ladies had very intricate costumes . these mask was clearly a favorite . and this performer was more fun and upbeat .
a older man with painted on eyebrows and abnormal getup , points his finger directly forward as he is saying something unknown . a woman dressed in carnival costume during the day many women skimpily dressed in yellow costumes the person in the front is wearing a fierce tribal mask white woman at parade dressed in ethnic flair .
the grand [male] of the parade was a fun elderly man . he announced the parade which included some women in risque costumes . many women danced and performed . the people marching in the parade were really entertaining to watch . i had a great time . i ca n't wait to see who is in the parade next year !
an older man in a suit and fun hat points forward . a woman dressed in an elaborate fashion including a fancy headpiece . a group of revelers are enjoying carnival . a person wearing a mask standing in front of other people also dressed in costume . a woman on the street dressed in a outfit that is short .
an evil spirit plagued the land . witches from all over gathered to purge the evil spirit . citizens crossed themselves against its evil . the witch doctor liked young citizens . american politicians offered false promises to cleanse the third world country ( by stealing its resources ) .
the old man in the orange hat and pink flower pointed at the children . a woman in a revealing costume has a red and white decoration on her shoulders . carnival dressed woman are shown in yellow in the street . a man dressed in native american costume and looking stern . girl in a red suit with feather on her head is dancing in the street
we were excited to finally be signing the lease to our new house . we brought in some of our belongings and began getting settled . we explored our new house and admired the beautiful bathroom setup . we finished unpacking and decided to look around the rest of the building . we were surprised to a find a great pool in the backyard ! we were very happy with our decision .
two men sitting on a couch , one writing in a notebook . the two men are standing on a glass floor . beautifully spacious bathroom with a glass see through shower . people are standing around a bedroom organizing it . a neat egg shaped pool behind a building with solar panels .
nice home for sale with a gorgeous pool has a wonderful large bedroom with a good view out the windows large bathroom with walk in shower lovely upstairs and down stairs living room i think its a good offer for this home
two men sit at a couch and writ eon some paper two men are talking in a glassed-in area near a pool . a very clean and modern bathroom with a stand up shower . a group of people that are inside of the room . the house has a perfect little pool in the back of it .
buying a new house , the outdoor area . the masters bedroom on open floor . the masters bathroom with shower and tub . the staircase to the living room . signing the contract to buy the house .
two men sitting on small couch conversing in room . two men standing on a glass platform at the pool a restroom that is clean and spacey in size . a fish eye view of a modern interior designed house . a round empty swimming pool out side of a house .
[male] had just got out and back into town . it was good to be home , smell the fresh flowers he had n't ever appreciated before . he even appreciated the old wooden bridge . and the ducks he use to find so annoying . most of all , he was glad to see her again .
a young caucasian male with fair hair stares into the distance . a close picture of purple flowers in a grassy field . the wooden fence connected two areas of the park together . seven ducks are swimming in a pond on a clear , calm day . a woman standing on a path between two trees .
when i feel depressed and disconnected , i know it 's time for a nature walk with my girlfriend . we love the lavender -- the scent and flowers . the wooden bridge over the pond is lovely . the ducks always made me relaxed . my lovely girlfriend fits with all the gorgeous nature .
a man staring off in to the distance at work . a person is getting a close-up view of fragrant , wispy lavender petals . the bridge looks so much wider than it actually is the ducks are floating on the peaceful body of water a young woman with glasses standing in front of a pond .
when i first got , to the field of flowers . i noticed he was not here . maybe if i wait a little longer . he will show up .
a man with a serious look on his face looking to the distance . purple wisps of beauty growing in a field . a small wooden bride is flanked by rails the ducks swim next to each other on the lake . a girl standing between two trees and flowers .
this easter we got the whole family together for some outdoor fun . we had the kids take some time indoors and do some face painting . the crafts did n't end there we also all took a minute or two to decorate our own egg . this little doll took two for herself she was just having too much fun . after our egg hunt we showed our competitive side and played egg toss .
a child is wearing black makeup to make him look like a cat or mouse . a child with a similing face painted a tatoo in his nose and cheeks in different colours a display of colored easter eggs on a rack . a young girl is holding easter eggs in her hand . the young girl has a racket in her hand
it was easter time again , and the mcdonald family farm . the mcdonald family was ecstatic . every year the kids paint their faces for fun . [male] loves to use pink paint . the eggs are decorated and colored by the children in the early morning . then the kids hunt for the eggs . [female] here won the contest finding a total of 18 eggs ! [female] played a game by herself and everyone had a fantastic fun filled day .
boy with black marks on his face smiling inside . a small boy with his face painted like a cat with a flower on the side of one of his cheeks . the picture is of decorated easter eggs , one has a heart on it the girl is holding the eggs in her hand a little girl hits a tennis ball with a racquet on a grassy lawn .
the kids were getting their faces painted . he wanted pink whiskers . he started to decorate eggs . she was very careful with hers . the eggs came out great .
a boy with dark hair is wearing cat face-paint . a cute young boy with his face painted up . the eggs are all different colors and designs . a young girl is holding an easter egg in each hand . a girl is playing with a toy and a small yellow ball
i went to the reptile zoo a few days ago . it had a bus that you could sit on to eat . we went up to the window to get our food . as you can see , it was very good bbq food . we had a few drinks and then went home to sleep .
a blue sky with trees and lots of snow . a man in snow gear and sunglasses standing outside in the snow near a ski resort . two friends that are sitting near the ski loft . a couple is ordering lunch from a food truck . a man with long hair is drinking water .
i went for a walk yesterday . i had a great time on the bus . when we got off there was some food . it was delicious . i also had something to drink .
a long snowy slope with trees near the top . a male holding a camera stands nearby a snow drift in an outdoor , winter scene . two people smiling for camera on a ski slope . a woman ordering some food and a man standing behind her with his wallet open . this is a long haired man drinking from a glass
the slopes were well traveled that day . he was ready to go skiing . they rode the lift to the top of the slope . after skiing , they found a food truck . and washed it down with some drinks .
snow covered hills with pine trees in distance a man in a red shirt posing in the snow a man and woman taking a picture on a ski lift . two men paying for food at a food stand . a bearded man with long hair drinks from a cup .
i got off the train at the station . it was desolate around here . there was a squirrel watching me . i walked to the top of the cliff and looked out . the view was amazing .
a black train that is traveling across the tracks . an aerial view of a large canyon and some trees on a cliff . the squirrel is sitting on a rock in the dirt . an image of an ariel view of the mountains the deep canyon has many layers of rock shown .
the train look us to the location of the hike . the mountains we are hiking on are very high . even though the mountains are high , there are animals who make their homes up there . there are even trees growing alongside the mountains . when you look down , the view from the top is breathtaking .
a black train sits on tracks behind a yellow barrier . a landscape photo of a mountainside taken during the day . a squirrel sits on a rock , surrounded by dirt and rocks . this is a rocky hill and some shrubs nearby the canyon has blue and purple colors and is very expensive .
[male] is a squirrel who spends his days running through the landscape , looking for nuts . one day , [male] heard a loud noise and decided to observe from a hidden spot . he saw a train lumber by slowly . after the train passed , [male] continued ambling along without a care in the world . `` look , '' he said to himself , `` i think i 'm going to climb that tree . ''
the train has a black paint job with glossy paint . the top of a mountain ridge . the sky was clear . a brown squirrel squatting on a larger stone . a tree in front of a wide canyon a photograph of the [location] [location] is being taken .
last week we went on a nature walk . we saw how water eroded rock away . we also saw lots of shrubbery . we walked along a dirt path . then we piled into the car and drove home .
the aerial view showed the pretty body of water an art figure that has been drawn by an artist . among a group of green leaves , blueberries are growing a wooden pier over the water with a mountain in the background a truck is moving in a long line of traffic on the highway .
the beach was so much fun last week . there were many hiking trails nearby . we stopped to eat some blueberries that we found . the view there was amazing . after spending all afternoon at the beach we all got in the car and drove back home .
an overhead view of a pool of muddy water catching the sunlight . a red and white sign painted on a rock . a picture of fruit growing on a tree is displayed . a lake between a pier and an island . a truck follows a bunch of 18 wheelers
i was strolling through the mountains when i came across a silvery thing . i looked to my left and there was a massive rock with a red man painted on it . i immediately photographed it . strolling around i found some blueberry looking produce . last , i decided to go take in the nice scenery offered by the lake . after a long day of exploring the mountain and lake , it was time to hit the road and head home .
some sort of strange object laying on the ground a painting of a hiker on a stone . blue berries are growing on the leafy green bush . a pier sticking out into the water with a view of a small hill . a black pickup truck waiting behind a long line of vehicles on a mountain road .
i took a tour of the church yesterday . it is beautiful inside . all of the paintings had so much detail . there was a theater area . i took tons of pictures .
a tall building with ornate designs viewed from a sharp upward angle . an old colored painting with four people in it a man standing in the aisle of a theater a wooden menorah sits in front of a wooden wall in a synagogue . a church inset frescoe high up in an arch .
the church was very old and had lots of paintings . the paintings had saints and there was a big theater overlooking the biggest painting .
a large wooden structure is on display for people to see . a painting on a wall of a four people . an empty auditorium with a man standing in the middle with a white shirt on . hebrew looking item that i do n't remember the exact name . the wall is decorated with a detailed painting .
it was one of the oldest churches in the district . the inside had intricate carvings . on the wall to either side were paintings of the saints . there are rows and rows of pews . the candelabra had been there for hundreds of years . there were also paintings of saints above the altar , always looking down on the proceedings .
wall has copper , gold and brown intricate design and detail . the wall is covered with images of people sitting . a man in a white shirt stands alone in a large auditorium . a large candelabra is on display in front of a wooden wall . a mural inside a church showing multiple old men and a man sitting on a throne .
my friends came to pick me up for a concert today . the traffic was pretty crazy all the way there . we finally found a place to park and walked to the venue . the opening band was pretty good . but the main event was completely awesome .
a sedan on a street with passengers and open driver 's side window . the cars are all stuck in a line of traffic at the red light . a man carrying a yellow bag walks down the street with his friends . a group of people play music on stage . a couple of guys are playing on a stage
the youngest son of the family decided to buy a new car . he is driving to show his car to his friends . he decide to take both girls for a ride after his shopping . during his spare time , he practice with a band . the band is having a live concert .
a gray four-door car with a baby sunshade in the rear driver 's side window . five cars at the red stoplight and not moving two girls and a guy holding a yellow bag walking and talking . two guitarists and a drummer are up on the stage . a band playing a live set on stage .
last night we decided to head out to see one of our friend 's band . there was a little bit of traffic leading up to the venue . we were all dressed up in our casual rock concert gear . [male] really rocked the house that night . he was really into it . we had a blast and i hope we get to do this again sometime soon .
a silver compact car is parked outside on a sunny day cars and traffic lights on a busy street . young adult men and women walk down a sidewalk and glare at the photographer taking their photograph . two male and one female musicians play play guitar and drums . a band is on the stage performing .
there was a group of people gathered to watch a race . there were many colorful race cars participating . crowds stood by eagerly watching . a red car came by . it was followed by a very fast yellow car .
a large group of people looking at a yellow car urban city street with modern racing car seen . two racers in a crowd of people behind a net a red car being driven by a person wearing a helmet . a yellow race car spins tires and makes smoke
there were a ton of cars at the car show . some of them were very expensive . they were all very fast . all of the owners were very proud of them . i had a great time there .
a yellow race car is smoking from the back . an orange race car going up a hill two people that are getting ready for a stunt . a red race car covered with advertisements drives along a road . a yellow car is speeding down a track
pit crews lined up on the pitstop to work on the racecars . this car was in first place for most of the race . his pitcrew was one of the best in the country . after trailing in 3rd for most of the race # 83 headed the pack for a short while . eventually this car was finished with repairs and the driver managed to pull back into first and win the race .
several people stand with their backs to the camera , looking at a yellow car . an old car is driving on a race track outside race car drivers standing outside on a sunny day a red car being driven by man wearing a helmet a yellow sports car burns its tires on the road .
the trip was epic . we saw a big bridge . some old houses . then we passed a big tour . our rental car was sick !
a black automobile with a license plate that reads si ck 11 . the statues of this towns founders stand proudly in the street . the building in the picture is made of rocks pretty church tower with clouds in the background a neighborhood of connected buildings sits on a cobblestone street .
the city is rich with history with plenty of sights to see . it is also modern , however , and has solid infrastructure . there are some quaint houses sprinkled throughout . there are beautifully designed churches . and there are some locals with a `` sick '' sense of humor .
small black car with white and blue license plate . several statues displayed in urban area near shops . the outside of a building is brick and stone a tall white and red building with dark top is sticking out an image of a car parked outside of a house
this is the back car we rented when we took our trip . i thought this statue in front of the bed & breakfast was a very ominous presence . it was amazing seeing all of the historical artifacts while touring the country . i enjoyed seeing all of the old church steeples such as this one . even the residential areas had a very old world feel to them .
the front end of a mini car with license plate and water on the hood . statues adorn this street scene in front of an building with a german sign . the partially blocked off side of an old brick building . ornate steeple with gilded ornament atop a domed room . a row of homes gleam bright white in the afternoon
a group of bicyclist went out for a long trip . they got their helmets and was ready to go . when they got on the road they would stop for a rest . then when they got to the destination , they found a place to set their bikes . after that they found time to sit and relax .
the four men on the bicycles stopped for a picture . two men posing together with helmets on , ready to go . the cyclists are taking a break beside the bike path . hundreds of bikes lay scattered across the ground in front of a building . one guy is standing in the middle of the bikes . people sitting by the roadside waiting for an event to start
this group of friends met while biking . they thought biking was the coolest thing in the world , even when you fall off . they would go look at bikes together and find ones that they could fix up , and then they would give those refurbished bikes to people on the street so that they too could know the joy of riding a bike .
4 men pose for a photo on their bikes in front of `` pub on the park '' a pair of men wear bicycle helmets and hold up their fists . all of us was so tired we laid down in the grass after cycling for so long the large group of bicycles are all knocked over and laying on the ground . the line of people are sitting on the street side curb .
my friends and i going on a bike ride . we have to watch out for cars . we saw this led design and liked it . we wrecked into each other but we did not get hurt . we needed a good long break .
four young men around their bikes posing for a photo . two men are posing together for a picture a man and women relaxing on the side of the road with their bikes . a large number of bicycles lay on their sides in the dirt . a group of people sitting on a curbside in a downtown area
it was just another day outsider of the gamble plantation . a traffic accident accured unexpectedly . fire trucks and an ambulance made it on the scene very fast . they took care of the injured pedestrian . the pedestrian was rushed to a local hospital .
a historic plantation sign with mossy oak behind and gazebo . people stand outside their cars looking at an accident scene on the roadside . emergency vehicles responding to a potential distress call emergency workers tend to a person who is strapped down to a gurney . an emergency vehicle has very dark tinted windows
when i got off the train i noticed a large accident on the road . the sheriff was there . the fire chief was there . one of the vehicles was badly damaged . finally after some time in traffic i made it home .
a sign posting of a memorial site in front of a park . cars are parked on the side of the road as people congregate in the grass . emergency vehicles are on the road as a group of bystanders watch . scene of paramedics working on patient at vehicle accident an ems suv driving along the interstate or highway .
we went to spend the day at the location location . on the way back we saw that there was an accident . luckily the people in this car did not seem to be hurt . there was somebody who had to be removed from the other car , in a stretcher . i am really proud of the work that was done by the emergency personnel in this situation .
the [male] p. [male] confederate memorial sign at gamble plantation . a group of people are gathered on the side of the road while cars sit still in the middle of the highway an ambulance and firetruck are at the scene of a car accident . firefighter with ambulance workers helping somebody that was in a car wreck . an suv with [organization] [organization] [organization] printed on the side .
it appears that there is a get together at one of the houses in the neighborhood . however , there must be an occasion since this lady is bringing a wrapped present . several people enjoy croquet in the yard . others just chat and enjoy the action . however , that yellow ball came pretty close . finally the purpose becomes obvious as the birthday cake for the youngster is cut .
a woman smiling towards whatever the man in glasses is doing . a woman in a cute summer dress walks her dog down the middle of the road . all outside playing the put it in there version my owns two women sit in chairs outside in someone 's yard . two people looking at each other holding knives in front of a cake .
everyone was excited for the family reunion . the men chatted about old times and enjoyed each others company . some of the men played mini golf outside in the beautiful grassy yard . it was a happy time to reunite with family . the girls mostly gossiped while watching the men play sports and drink .
a woman and a man with glasses standing around and eating a woman is walking a dog down the middle of a road . a man is playing a sport in his backyard two women sitting outdoors behind a yellow ball . a man and woman stand near a cake with cake knives .
rob finally got out of the house after not leaving all day . [female] came to see rob at a small house party . [male] played croquet for at least two hours . the two ladies gossiped for a while and enjoyed the weather . marky was unsure how to cut the cake to commemorate the end of the party .
a man eats from a plate as a smiling woman looks on . a woman in a multicolored dress walking a dog down the street . adult male preparing to strike ball with mallet during cricket match in backyard . the two women are sitting outside on plastic chairs . a an and a woman are preparing to cut a cake .
when the fireworks started , no-one was thinking much about fireworks safety . it did seem like the fireworks were being set off a bit close to buildings . but they were so beautiful , no-one wanted them to stop . one of the last bursts filled the sky , and made everyone gasp . then -- -disaster struck . a flaming ember bit paper on the porch , and the house caught fire and was eventually destroyed .
that of a multicolored plasmotick it display assembly , and that of fireworks discharges fireworks exploding over water at outdoor night time event . the fireworks lid up the night and it looked like day . a small firework going off in an interior environment . the fire burns brightly on the tile hearth .
our family always does a fireworks display for the 4th of july . my brother shot one off of the balcony that nearly caught the house on fire . we finally got the hang of it by the third shot fired . they lit the sky up in magnificent beauty . i had to be careful though because the fireworks were a bit faulty and were not wanting to burn right all night long .
fire and lights travel in various directions through the sky . a night sky that has a few kinds of fireworks . a large bright display in the night sky someone is being unsafe with fireworks on their patio . at the hall way there is a fire burning besides the plant
we were able to see the fireworks display from our backyard . there were many different types of fireworks . the finale of the fireworks show was extravagant . we decided to do some of our own fireworks in our porch . it was not a good idea to do our own fireworks because a small fire almost started .
bright streaks of light similar to fireworks or electricity . a bunch of fireworks go off in the night sky an explosion in bright gold heat lights up the night . a curiously placed firework ejects flame into the air near dry foliage on a deck . a fire that has started next to the walls .
we went to the world of wheels car show we got to see new innovated automobiles organization was showing their future car for 2019 we had a blast and hope to go again soon who knows maybe i will own this some day
a new white car is on display in front of a [organization] advertisement . the doors or a car that is red in colour have been opened a white steering wheel is being shown on a car . a photo of a red smart car convertable on display in a building . an iced pink drink topped with a lemon slice is sitting on a table .
it 's time to go shopping for a new car ! there are so many choices . i do n't know how i 'll ever decide . i want something small , like this silver one . i spent a lot of time at various dealers , browsing and thinking it over . in the end , i found one that i think will be perfect !
white car on a runway being displayed at a [organization] dealership . a red car sits on display inside a car dealership . the steering wheel is just one feature of this well appointed auto interior . a compact car is sits indoors at a car show . a red liquid fills a glass and sits on a wood table .
first stop at the car show ... organization ! the red car really caught my eye , so shiny i had to see it up close . just as i thought , the inside was sleek ! the smart cars had all the best features , in a small package . after an amazing evening of seeing all the cars , it was time for drinks !
a white [organization] car that is on display on a platform . the red car has its doors open in the showroom grey and black polished interior of new car a very small car in a auto showroom . a pink beverage has a straw and an orange slice .
we visited an oold church . there was huge ornate stained glass . no priest was present that day . the view outside was beautiful . we really enjoyed it .
stained glass windows with picture of religious person a brightly colored stained glass window in a dark church there is an ornate stained glass window behind the altar . old house with large curved windows and a tower behind a black and white picture of an old church .
we have a very old church near us that has beautiful stained glass windows . these windows are so intricate , that they really are works of art . and the sun coming in through them on sunday morning is beautiful . the church has been here for decades and it is a part of the town 's history . i hope it stays like this for future generations to see .
this is a photo of a stained glass window in a church . the frosted windows are decorated people on them . the front of a church has a window made of stained glass . an image o a church in black and white an old church is empty without any people outside
we went to church and had a great time together . my family went to the church every sunday . we felt closer as a family through the experience . we left the church and went out to eat somewhere . i always felt fulfilled after we went to church .
a stained-glass window depicting saints and [male] with no context . the church windows has ornate stained glass and arches . a church pulpit is sits in front of a pretty stained glass window . an old black and white photo of a church and it 's spooky little grave yard . a large house is shaded in black and white colors
out on their first easter egg hunt ! then all the kids shared what the others got in their easter egg hunt . the kids continued on with their fun activities . even a magical story being told in front of a crowd . lastly a group picture with the easter bunny !
girl and boy with easter baskets running through the grass . two young boys compare the contents of their easter baskets . 2 little girls are running in a 3-legged race the woman is showing the paper to the large group of children the kids are seated on the step in front of the easter bunny .
they were so happy for this day . they raced to find the eggs . all the kids gathered around . many games were played . a group photo with the bunny .
two kids dressed up , carrying their easter baskets around . two children admire their brightly colored easter baskets . two little girls are running a three-legged race . a woman gives a talk to a lot of kids the children are sitting on steps with a person dressed as an easter bunny .
our city sponsored an easter egg hunt and party . the kids were rewarded for finding certain eggs . after the egg hunt , there was a three-legged race . then they had a performer entertain the children with tricks . finally , it was time for the easter bunny to show up and greet everybody !
two children carrying easter baskets on a sunny day . two boys are checking out the eggs in their easter baskets . two little girls are outside in the grass playing . a group of children sit on the ground watching a woman . group of young children posing with a costume rabbit outdoors .
it is a rainy and miserable day . the car begins to operate slowly . we pull over to investigate . this is not good . it appears that there was a collision . lots of things are on the front of the car . the tire looks bad . we must have hit something big . the tire seems like it is deflated . this day is not very fun .
it is difficult to see through the wet windshield . a car is pulled over by the side of the highway . a dirty [location] license plate on a [location] . a wheel looks dirty and old near sandy ground the front end of a blue car that has tracked through mud .
he knew he should n't have been texting and driving . he felt something hit the car so he pulled over and stopped . when he checked the damage he thought it must have been an animal . the tire rim was covered in debris . soon the tire was completely flat .
the view of a wet road from the inside of a car . a blue car pulled of to the side of the road . front end of a blue [location] with a [location] license plate . the tire shows the results from driving through the muddy area . tire completely covered in mud of car 's travel
our road trip was so nice . we had one complication though . our car started shaking and rattling . we had a flat because this giant thing got stuck between the car and the tire . there was no damage to the car , but the ground was we . it was unpleasant to say the least to change the tire .
looking through the windshield from the side of the road on a rainy day a blue car sitting beside a busy road . a [location] license plate is bent at the bottom . the old car tyre is left on a dirty field a car with flat tire stuck in the sand .
our adventure at location started here . we are ready to go to the park this is what we see from afar . i saw this tree by the water and had to take a picture . we stopped to play some games . this is the game where i won a big stuffed animal . what a great day .
the entrance to a pier has a roller coaster on top of it . roller coasters and ferris wheel with [male] mouse face on the side 2 benches above and overlooking a body of water the game had the instructions on the front of the box a booklet about a farm is being shown .
even the entrance to the pier was cool . the rides looked very fun . this bench was much needed after a long day ! the sign was retro and fun . the pictures were cute and enticing .
a large tourist sign sits against a blue sky . a ferris wheel with [male] mouse face on it . a black backpack is on a bench with a cup of coffee . a colorful piece of paper describes a fun game . the advertisement features a unicorn and pig on the label .
a beautiful day to go to paradise pier . there are a lot of rides , including a organization wheel . we rode them all . we satin this nice little area in the park to recover . we strolled around to look at the different games that were there . this one was a lot of fun , even though we did not win .
paradise pier is an amusement park attraction that includes a big roller coaster . a ferris wheel and roller coaster at a [organization] theme park . overlooking a pond are two wet park benches with someones belongings left on them . a vintage poster displaying a theme of somewhat of an arcade type environment an old , antique poster advertising a game called hamm and eggs .
our loving family enjoyed our pool play day ! father and son enjoy the water activities ! here our little guy is getting ready to eat . he is digging into his delicious meal here ! he is having a great time eating the cake !
man with woman and baby in a swimming pool . a man and a child play with inflatables in a swimming pool . she needs to walk away so i can make a mess in private . a young baby sits in his chair while he eats . a baby in a purple chair has their birthday cake in front of them and on their hand and face ,
this was the young couple 's first time putting their new baby in the swimming pool . he was enjoying it immensely ! the sun and fun got him hungry though and soon it was time to eat . the messy boy was put in the high chair . and make a mess all over his face he sure did !
a dad that is carrying a baby in his hands . a man is swimming with his baby boy , amongst several brightly colored inflatable toys . this is a picture of a baby in a high chair with cake in front of it . you can see half of a lady in a bathing suit . a baby celebrates his first birthday with a decorated cake all his own . the baby is smiling and has birthday cake on his face .
i bought my son a fancy cake with an action figure on it . i took the action figure off so he would n't try to eat it . after i removed the action figure he used his hands to eat the cake . he got the cake all over his face . after we waited for a little while after eating , we all went outside and went for a birthday swim .
the parents are playing with their baby in the cool pool . man and toddler engaging in interaction on the water baby boy sitting in a high chair with a cake in front of him . the baby is making a mess of a birthday cake . a baby in a high chair with a cake in front of him
it was getting dark , about time to get inside and see the tree lighting . as we went inside we saw the group of people waiting excitably for the switch to be flipped . wow ! yelled the kids . that is one huge tree said [male] . how many presents do you think location will put under that one , ask [male] . [female] 's favorite was the hanging curtain lights . as the moon came up it was time to go home .
the tree is blocking a lot of sunlight causing a very dark image against the sky . christmas lights are strewn outside during sunset in the sky the spider web was colorful in the sun . people gathered at dusk under a lighted contraption . the colorful christmas lights are always a popular sight for the neighborhood .
we arrived at dusk to see the festival of lights . the main attraction was a christmas tree made of lights . from underneath the strung lights , the view was amazing . more people began to arrive for the festivities . even the outside of buildings were adorned with lights .
a very large tree stands in silhouette against the sky . a large christmas tree made up of strings of multi-colored lights is lit up . a tall spire made of a spiral of string lights . string lights are strewn on power lines at night colored strings of lights decorating the side of a building , facing the parking lot .
the family parked under the big tree this year at the christmas festival . it was late but all the lights were on . the lighting was really well done and looked great . even at night there were still a ton of people there . when we got home we rushed to turn on our own christmas lights .
the silhouette of a large tree stands out from a field . on top of a tower a bright yellow star rests . light bulbs that are designed in a circular fashion . many strings of colored lights hang above the people a bunch of colored lights hang on the wall at night
it was very cold that day ice hung from the roof tops and cars covered with ice and snow nobody was going anywhere that day and more snow fell that night
the snow is covering the ground and the vehicle . the red car on the right is covered with snow . the sky was seen through the icy ledges of the houses ice forming on the inside of a pane of glass . snow piled up on the sidewalk in an urban area
the winter season has officially arrived ! we can no longer just get in the cars and drive off without spending at least 30min . clearing the driveway . nor can we safely walk in between houses ! so much snow that it 's just piling on our drain pipes . it 's hard to believe that grass is normally under all that snow near the sidewalk for most of the rest of the year .
too much snowfall occurred and now everything is buried . two cars in a parking lot with snow on the ground and on the cars icicles hand from the roofs of two buildings . ice formed on the metal barrier , and snow is piled on top of that . both sides of the road have snow on them
there was a lot of snow . it took hours and lots of hot chocolate breaks to clear the cars . the icicles between the apartment buildings was frightening . there was even ice and snow in the gutters . with everyone working together , streets and sidewalks were shoveled .
a major snowstorm covers everything in its path . a small plowed path between two snowy vehicles . a sliver of blue sky is visible in the alley between two tall buildings . ice is attached to the top of the white railing . snow is piled on the sidewalks along the road .
the sea stretched before us in an endless ocean of blue . in the evening , the sun began to set in the west over the water . rock climbing was an interesting experience . i was afraid to fall , but took a chance and waved . the water is so blue , it almost looks like ice .
small cliff along shore with sandy beach nearby a person is fling a kite at the beach a women in jeans is climbing the side of a cliff . a man posing while climbing up a rock wall . the section of ocean features several different rocks .
the beach was calm when the boys arrived . they wanted to climb the rocks and play around before they decided to talk at night .
a sandy beach with rocks in the ocean water . a male stands on a beach while a kite flies in the background . young woman climbing alarge orangish rock face with her hands and bare feet . a young man is climbing a rock and giving the thumbs up . sand and ocean water on the beach during a sunset
it was all over . the world has been destroyed . we were the last human beings on location . i climbed rocks out of boredom . the other two played on the beach . you know , the end of the world was n't so bad .
footprints in the sand on the beach next to a large rock formation that sits out in the water . a person that is next to the shore of the beach . a barefoot young girl climbing a rock face reaches up to find her next step . young man standing on a cliff side looking back giving the thumbs up . a sandy beach with large rocks along the shore .
[male] had a great idea for a movie to make with some friends . the old storage room was the perfect place to film it . they talked about the upcoming scenes and worked on the dialog . [female] played the rebel leader , and she was amazing ! after filming the last scene , everyone was excited to get together to eat cake and watch the movie . the whole cast had secretly chipped in to buy [male] a present -- he was really surprised !
standing against the wall wondering what to do next . man trying to make a point during a discussion at a party . the woman is holding a black toy gun . slightly fuzzy photo of a male and female embracing . a boy in a blue jacket holding up an open box with a burger in it
this party was packed but i was all alone . the guys were talking about the latest game that came out . elsewhere in the party , a friend was playing with the airsoft guns . outside the party , people were posing for pictures . i went inside and found that people were making crafts .
a person is standing against a pink wall a man is explaining something to other people . a blonde h air girl holding an assault rifle with a plug in the barrow . young adults hugging and smiling for camera in brick building . a man in a blue jacket holding some sort of food item up .
my friend decided to take a personal shot before the game . then we plotted how we would play the game together . my girlfriend brought a gun to the room . i love this girl for her excitement and dedication . we ate some fast food for dinner .
the man picture was taken in front of a pink background . people are talking in a kitchen , and one is smiling as he speaks . a woman smiles and holds a black gun up to the camera . a candid picture of a young couple smiling and hugging . the boy is showing the camera what he ordered
this is an event at the make a wish rally in location location . all of the kids have been invited to come and enjoy a circus . there are gymnasts with balancing acts . some of them do ribbon dances far up in the air . this motorcycle belongs to one of the parents who brought it for the older kids to enjoy .
a display for [organization] vodka in an ice sculpture . a group of people talking to each other at a convention . a gymnast doing an acrobatic maneuver with her partner . a woman quickly spins around on suspended ropes . an elderly woman in front of a large green motorcycle .
the convention was going on at a airplane hanger . the guests from the company were excited to see the show . the circus was there . the woman is showing off her skills . everyone had fun at the work convention .
the bottle of alcohol sits inside a glass box . people are gathered at an event inside of a lit up quonset hut . a female aerial artist is being held up by man wearing black while holding onto a piece of cloth suspended from the ceiling . an entertainer working the ribbons during a show . an older woman wearing a tiara sits in front of a motorcycle .
i have received so many texts regarding the program for today . everyone is so excited it is being shared across social media . the turnout was larger than we had expected . the performances were stellar . and it was all for a good cause !
a bottle of chopin vodka in a glass display . people are standing around and socializing inside a dome a person is helping a girl grab something that is high up . a woman on a rope hanging and swinging on it . an elderly woman wearing a tiara is sitting next to a green motorcycle on a display at a show .
today was my , my mom and brothers birthday.we had a party with one another . i surprised my mom and brother by celebrating their birthdays with mine . we set a nice table to eat dinner with each other.we even drank some fancy wine . my favorite present was my first . a gift card to my favorite store . singing happy birthday really scared my dog . he hid under my bed the whole night .
a sign on a brick wall points to a storehouse the bottles covet the wholes side of the wall . a man that is drinking out of a cup . the aerial view of a town with agriculture in the distance . a parking space has been sponsored by guinness .
i was so excited to be going on a tour of the guiness brewery . they had so many beers , they let us sample them all . i stopped and had a couple beers with the brew master . they even took us to the top of the brewery , it had a great view . i had a great time at the brewery , i ca n't wait to come again .
signage leading to businesses seen on brick wall in urban setting.|signage leading to businesses seen on brick wall in urban setting . several rows of various types of empty beer bottles a man is enjoying a cup of beer with foam on his lip . the fields stretch into a nice view over top the city skyline . the gate in front of the factory has the guinness label on it
time for [male] to take a trip to the guinness storehouse . he went inside and was amazed by all the beer they had on the shelves . he just had to get a taste of one while in there . he took this picture from top of the building . it was a nice day at the guinness storehouse but it was time to go home .
a brick building with a sign on the side pointing to the right . many beer bottles are arranged on shelves behind glass . a man holding a guiness drinks at a competition large plots of farm land seen in distance as seen from above small city . the beer factory was visited this weekend
getting ready to ride the tallest ride in town ! here is a picture from the very top ! up this high you get a great picture of the bay . [male] is calm and relaxed . we are so high ! !
the people are sitting under the roller coaster . a model of wooden building set against a blue background . a view from up high of individuals on ground and a building behind them . a man poses in front of scaffolding high in the air with the view of the city behind him . a man in a tee shirt and sun glasses is sitting down .
the ferris wheel offers folks a chance to see a new vantage . some models are on the table . the people look like little bugs from such a high altitude . he looks a bit concerned over being so high in the air . the other man is somewhat relaxed .
a large ferris wheel overlooking grass and a brown building . a miniature model of a city sitting on top of a large blue table . a picture from high in the air of a stadium . a man with sunglasses that is next to the town . the man in the sunshades is sitting down .
the ferris wheel was big and there was a map of the big city . the man was happy as they were riding .
large farris wheel with enclosed seating in a large park top view of the model of a city laid out on a table . a photo from a plane is taken of a black building with a few people standing outside . a selfie of a bald man in front of a high rise window . the man is wearing sunglasses while he relaxes .
some people do n't see any beauty in an industrial city . they say the street are bleak , and the cloud of pollution always hangs over everything . the area under the overpass does n't hold any magic for them . but they do n't see the gorgeous bridge at the edge of town , or the lovely arches at the start of the bridge . when my family gets together in my gritty hometown , we all celebrate the hidden beauties the town contains .
some type of work facility set against a clear blue sky . a picture of a empty road is displayed . a bridge and and industrial type area underneath . an off-angle view of a bridge and its tunnels , made of brick . a group of people that are clumped in a room together .
refinery is the main business in this town . people may complain about the oil business -- about its hazards -- but this town and this people survive because of the oil business . [male] and miles of flat open space . thank god there is wealth hidden beneath the earth . we have learned to live in spite of polluted water . you get accustomed to the smell , and drink bottled water . we have a quiet social life . nothing fancy . the oil business has too many fluctuations to build something fancy .
an industrial complex that seems to have been abandoned an image of a road with houses on both sides . a truck on a street next to an elevated railway . a metal bridge connected to stone architecture crossing a river . a group of people gather in a brick building on a cold evening .
location is a shell of its former self . where commerce used to exist , now there is an eerie silence . this building used to hold over 200 jobs , but now it sits empty . the city planners have gathered to make a new plan . the meeting went well into the night .
tall buildings are located near the still and calm ocean a deserted dirt road runs through a residential area . this was a bad part of town , known for having drunk drivers fly over the ramp to their doom . a bridge that is made of bricks with water underneath a group of people mingling at some kind of event
on our nature walk we explored nature on a wooden bridge . the beautiful greenery covered a bright sunshine . fences had ivy growing up them , and were noticed surrounding the park . we had treasures to take home from our nature walk . i picked some plants to bring home and place in to my garden .
a woman is smiling with glasses on her forehead . taking a walk in the woods on the trial . a chain link fence is festooned with wild climbing vines as the forest watches . a woman wearing a visor is next to large plants two girls in matching outfits pose by a trunk full of trash bags .
hi , my name is [female] and i adore nature . i love the texture of these leaves , so soft in my hand . natures can really make anything beautiful . we met people that shared our interests . we cleaned up the trail , keeping it nice and peaceful .
a woman with her sunglasses on her head is smiling at the camera . a girl walking on a bridge in a rain forest type setting a fence covered with vines in front of the woods . a lady is inside of the woods cleaning with others two women that are standing near a trunk that is full of bags .
we took out daughter out hiking one day . she liked all of the plants and foliage . the park was partly deserted , but still had the greenish charm . her mother went with us too of course . she had a lot of fun as well . another day has ended with a successful hike .
a woman posing for a picture in the green park . a woman walks on a walkway in the forest . there is a nature scene with trees and a fence . a woman in the forest fixing the plants with gloves on her hands two women in identical athletic outfits are standing by the open trunk of a car .
we went to see fiends in location location on spring break . we had a blast at the beauiful parks and got lots of fresh air . my skin is so white i had to protect it form the hot sun . later we took a fighting class so much fun . my the end of our vist i had my hair dyed blue .
a man laying on a woman holding a camera , and the woman holding a cigarette making a silly face . a girl with blue hair smiling for a picture a group of people that are watching a street performance . a man wearing black twirls orange flags on a stick . a man with glasses that is touching the umbrella .
the festival was really fun , our friends met us there . she dyed her hair just for this , it looked great . there was a choreography contest going on , it was unique . the streamers were always fun , they made the day different . the umbrella kept the heat and sun off of us , we probably should not of worn black .
a young woman dressed in black and smoking a cigarette is laying in a park and making a face at the camera while a young man dressed in black and holding a camera is laying down with his head on the woman 's leg . young woman with blue hair and multiple piercings . the crowd is appreciating the effort the woman is putting forward . guy with a flag in each hand holding up a man photographs a woman as they both sit outdoors , beneath an umbrella .
[female] and [male] went on a date to the local community event . their friend [female] also decided to tag along as a third wheel . there was a fighting event and [male] tried out some ribbon dancing . the lovey-dovey couple had to call it quits early when it began to rain .
a guy is reclining on a woman who is smoking . a woman with blue hair and facial piercings is sitting in the grass . a group of people watching a martial arts demonstration on the street . a young woman is holding two green flags . man with camera under umbrella taking picture of brown haired woman holding the umbrella
it was the anniversary party for pinoymac . employees celebrated the occasion . even those who could n't get away from the computer had fun . family and friends were invited . everyone got a free sweatshirt to commemorate the occasion .
a white sheet cake with pink roses and happy anniversary message two smiling people sit in front of three smiling people . young adult men gathered at table with computer indoors . a family of three smiles for the camera . a black sweater advertises an [organization] [organization] [organization] 's website , pinoymac.org .
we were thankful to have found such a beautiful cake for their anniversary , at the last minute . everyone was grateful to be able to be there for the occasion . the cousins talked and laughed about memories of when the business first started up . it is nice to have such a wonderful team behind the company . at the end we handed out memorabilia so everyone can remember that we are family .
a birthday cake that is celebrating an anniversary . a gathering of people smiling one eating and one using a laptop these three guys look like college students in a school setting . it was a great day to visit the family . a cloth of sorts with a pinoymac.org and [organization] stitchery .
pinoymac the apple users group , was having an event . in fact it was the groups anniversary . they had a good time meeting in person rather than on the forums . they had a good time discussing and working on macs , and making friends .
a white anniversary cake is decorated with pink roses made of icing . group of people both men and women sitting and standing for a photo a man with a mac laptop looks forward three people who appear to be a family smile for the camera . black shirt with writing on it sitting on top of a table .
we started walking outside . we walked on the sidewalk . we visited the bridge . we went to the end of the bridge . we saw a speed limit sign that was upside down .
many footsteps forging path in the snow near sidewalk a sidewalk has been shoveled so it is clear of snow . looking off of a bridge at a frozen body of water the city was quiet on the chilly morning . a street sign that is turned up side down , but it is a sign with a posted speed limit of 30 .
there was so much snow in the city today . i had to walk back to my car . many people passed through here . i had to be very careful going down these steps . finally i made it back to the parking lot .
a bunch of footprints on a snowy walk way . alot of snow resting on the side of the road with cars passing by the metal fence will be much colder with snow on it . a street that is next to the construction buildings . a speed limit sign is upside down on a pole .
it looks like many people before us traveled this way . a path was recently cleared of snow after the storm we received . the starkness of the snow and stone is beautiful . even the water of the wharf is frozen after the big snow storm . the winds of the storm flipped this sign up side down .
footprints that are on top of the snowy road . a sidewalk is partially cleared of snow on a cold day . old metal bridge covered with ice overlooking frozen water . a view of a street leading towards downtown buildings . the speed limit sign is hanging upside down on the post .
[male] is pregnant and having a baby shower . her first gift looks like a big one . there 's an organization book in it . she also pulls out a onesie . and finally , some little hand booties so the baby does not scratch their cheeks .
a woman in a gray chair is smiling at something small baby girl sitting on the floor carpet in living room . a woman is sitting in a chair holding several pieces of plasticware a person is opening presents in a chair at a baby shoqwer sitting around having a good time with family .
looking ready to pop ! had such fun at the baby shower . such a cute little girl . she was the star of the show today . i received so many thoughtful gifts . another beautiful outfit we received . even the guys had fun at the baby shower !
a lady with a sweater on smiling while sitting in an arm chair . the toddler girl inspects a denim clad leg while a person holds a gift bag in the background . a woman is opening a gift bag which contains a set of multi-colored sippy cups . a lady with lipstick holding up a baby 's outfit . various people sitting down in a living room
guess who 's having a baby ? her older sister is n't happy because she likes being the only kid in the family . mama is opening lots of different presents . her favorite presents are all the cute outfits that she is getting . at the end of the party , daddy thanks everyone for coming and helping to celebrate the birth of their new child .
a smiling woman wearing a white sweater sits in a brown easy chair . the baby girl is standing on front of someone sitting down . lady opens gifts with a smile on her face the woman opening a baby gift for a little girl . a group of people are smiling in a living room
i went to the dock today . i wanted to see the boats . they were very beautiful . some of them were sailing boats . there were some that were very big .
an american flag that is waving in the wind . the city sky line against the back drop of a clear blue sky the tall ships line the harbor of the city . the sign has alternating colors around its edge . fireworks exploding in the sky at night around ships .
a beautiful flag flying on a gorgeous day . the city skyline was seen in the background . a unique sailboat was docked at the pier . the tickets were being sold to the event . the night ended with a beautiful firework display above the pier .
an american flag is raised at half mass at along with the tops of a ferris wheel and a roller coaster in the background . cityscape image showing building skyline and boat sail posts colonial era ships with tall mast adorning the evening city skyline large sign seen above at outdoor amusement park at night . two firework are next to each other in the dark sky .
a day ride around the harbor on a ship is always a fun day . of course , flying the american flag is always a must . the ship was a grand vessel which carried a lot of people . the mast always seems bigger when you are under it looking up . everyone enjoyed the ride on this great little ship .
an american flag is hanging off a multi runged pole the buildings in a city are exceedingly tall a bunch pirate ships in a row at a dock . tickets sign with light shining on it at carnival . image of colorful fireworks being lit up in the night 's sky .
family having fun at the park on the 4th of july . young boy smiles with happiness at the celebration . little [male] sitting on the limb of a tree with his grandfather standing by his side . the grandfather is helping [male] with his new toy . great fun playing with a giant bubble wand .
the small boy is playing with bubbles by some people during a patriotic celebration . smiling boy in a striped shirt outside in the grass . a young boy sits on a tree while his dad supports him and smiles . an older man helping a little boy set up a stomp rocket . the man and boy are playing with a large bubble .
[male] was so excited to go to the park for the 4th of july celebration . i had to grab my camera for this cute smile . pure happiness ! granddad and [male] played around by the big tree . after playing at the tree , granddad showed [male] how to play with the toy . we later went inside the park building and [male] learned how to make gigantic bubbles .
a little boy is blowing bubbles and playing with them in the air . the boy is showing his large smile for the camera a man is next to a child who is sitting on a tree . an older man plays outside with a little boy . an older man plays with bubbles with a child .
my father took our son to the park . he played with him at the park . i was in charge of preparing the food for the family picnic at the park . after visiting the park , my father and son visited the small fun house . my son got his face painted .
the little boy is happy and has his hands up in the air . a young , blonde boy in a collared shirt grimaces outdoors . middle aged man in a dark blue checkered shirt standing next to a tree limb with a young boy , around 4 years of age , sitting on the tree branch . the boy is wearing jean shorts and a short sleeve button up shirt , and both are smiling at the camera . an older man is fixing the toy of a preschool boy . a man is behind a bubble with a small child holding a bubble wand .
what a great party we had last night . we had several pretty girls there . there was even someone that provided free live music . maybe we did drink a little too much , but we had a great time . i am glad there were photos since i really do not remember what really happened .
group of people with different ethnicity smiling at the camera a woman in a black lace bra showing some cleavage . man sitting down playing a wooden guitar . this looks like people having fun at a party . a group of people that are enjoying the night .
the first fraternity party of the year brings young women who have never been on their own and who have decided to let their hair down . alcohol , smoking and other bad decisions will be part of their evening and night . inhibitions are reduced and the girls know how to use their sensuality . the alcohol has loosened the inhibitions and party goers of both genders use any excuse for touching . the hormones of youth add to the mix and groping in the pile-up brings pleasure to many . the girls have selected their guy and a trip to his room will soon follow .
a woman in very heavy eye makeup poses with an asian man and his friend . a woman '' s cleavage shows as she bends forward and a man grabs her bra . a man with a cap on is playing a guitar in the background . people are gathered together and hugging on a couch a pile of people lies inter-tangled in a room .
everyone was having a blast at the party . people were playing around having fun . the whole gang jumped in photo ! it was a fun little gathering ! we all enjoyed each others company tremendously !
two men and a woman are smiling for the camera . a person is pulling upon a girl 's clothes to reveal her bra and breasts a man is sitting on the floor playing a guitar . friends having fun by lying on each other while taking a picture . three scantily dressed women laying on a man
they were allowed to climb on board the old steam locomotive . this train had recently been added to the collection . the old steam locomotive was roped off to avoid people touching it . this was the smallest train they saw . this train was from the 1970 's and was considered very aerodynamic in its day .
a train that is made out of old metal a train 's primary colors are green and red this was what the railroad used to use when coal was plentiful a gray vehicle that is on the railroads . train seen traveling on dirt covered tracks outside building .
i love trains very much , i also love going to train shows each year and looking at different models . this is a x1003 model , built in 1945 , i like to call it the xmas express because of the colors . i moved on to the ti-4000 or what i like to call the harry potter express train , one of my favorites . here we have a rare train car . only 3 were made , i wish i could have one . main reason i come to these train shows . the final train i looked at was this beauty ; the silver bullet , one of the fastest trains in the world .
a mechanical machine at work . so many parts of the machine can be noticed . an old steam engine is green and red . the train is retired and sitting at the train museum for people to view . there is a train car that is made to look like a silver vehicle . a silver train with red stripes and the name `` virgen de begona ''
the train exhibit detailed the conne ted cars throughout time . a variety of vehicles were on display . older models gave impressions of transport years ago . newer cars could still be found in operation today . old docking stations can still be viewed today .
a black locomotive sits idly on a sunny day . a green and red restored train steam engine . an antique train engine on display behind red ropes . a cool vintagey looking train on the tracks a large silver and red train engine in a gravel area .
many people were helping cleanup in preparation for the horse riding competition . the rider started the competition with a bang by jumping over the hurdles with his horse easily . he ended up winning the competition . the owner went to see the horse to check up on it . looking majestic , the horse posed for the camera .
men are sweeping the street outside a sports stadium . the brown horse is jumping over a white and grey fence a man in a riding outfit sits atop a well groomed horse . six men in red shirts walking with a business man across a field . a brown horse is immediately in front of the camera , with some other horses and riders around it .
going to the horse show is an awesome experience ! they are groomed to perfection . then perform there finest tricks . the power when they are jumping is amazing . there is no more noble creature on earth than the horse .
people in red tshirts are sweeping the road with old fashioned brooms . a man riding a horse in an equestrian competition . a jockey rides his horse in an awards ceremony . group of men wearing red tshirts with white lettering . a horse stands in the green grass and casts a shadow .
we prepared for the big equestrian event today . the horses were really amazing , running through the course with ease . here is one of the competitors just before it 's his turn . everyone had a really great time at the event . this is the horse that won the event . he was a really nice horse !
the sweepers work to keep the area spotless . the jockey on the brown horse are jumping over an obstacle a black and white photograph of a jockey sitting on a race horse . adult men walking on grass at outdoor venue . a beautiful brown horse , amongst a horse viewing area .
it is christmas time ! look how pretty the mall is set up as . the tree is standing tall and beautiful even the arcade is all set up and ready . the mall looks beautiful , people are so excited .
people are walking in a mall that has been decorated for christmas . people sitting and walking around inside an ornate shopping mall . a large christmas tree is in a mall cross arcade lights that can be seen from a distance . a banner is on the fence that is in front of the large tree .
mom and dad are taking the kids to see the christmas tree everyone is sitting in around and talking the christmas tree was such a beautiful sight after the viewing of the tree . they took us to the arcade to play some game we then went outside as they were putting my the big christmas tree
people are shopping n an elegant mall that has been decorated for christmas . large indoor area with people walking and sitting around . christmas tree displayed with large and small decorations on it a large arc-shaped gate and sign that reads `` cross arcade . '' there is an ad for the [organization] in front of a big tree .
full day at the mall ! biggest christmas tree ever ! waterfalls are pretty me in a bulb ! last stop of the day
shoppers stroll down an arcade during the christmas season . christmas decorations brighten up an indoor mall , with plenty of shoppers . a very tall christmas tree decorated with hundreds of ornaments . a sign on a building is covered with small lights . advertisement banners for [organization] surrounds the base of a large christmas tree outside .
the family takes a vacation to the beach every summer . lots of delicious sea food is on hand . even the dog loves the beach ! there is lots to do for both humans and their animal partners . this man is flying above the beach and enjoying the warm sea breeze .
a big family is sitting around the table full of food . the clams are on a white plate and have sauce on them a person and dog reach for a stick on the beach . playing fetch with the dog at the beach a hang glider crosses a large body of water .
a family sitting at the table posing for a picture . fresh oyster straight from the ocean . the dog is learning how to play fetch with his owner . a man in his dog playing in the ocean . a man wind gliding at the beach .
a group of people sitting at a dining table smiling for the picture being taken . plated oysters with sauce served on table for consumption . a small brown puppy playing with a stick . man and dog running in the water on the beach a man using a yellow hang glider to fly over the ocean
the family has gathered around the dinner table to share a meal together . they all pitched in to help cook the seafood to perfection . afterwards they took the family dog to the beach to get some exercise . the waves were cool and refreshing ! the dog had so much fun in the water . one family member decided to get a better view of the waves !
a group of people that are sitting at a table together . a plate filled with nine oysters in their shells . a black dog on a beach trying to take a stick from a person . a man standing in the water playing with his dog paragliding man floating above ocean on nice day .
a mom gives her daughter a gift for her first birthday party . the little girl is excited to be receiving so many gifts . someone at the party also gives her a big [male] as a gift . the little girl plays with the [male] that she received . after opening presents , the little girl prepares to eat her cake before the party ends .
the cake was ready to be eaten by the young girl two babies are opening up their presents and playing with toys a little girl sitting on the floor with her mommy opening a gift this is a women with four children with lots of toys around them . a baby crawling into an orange tube that is on the floor .
this was the young child 's first birthday . she got to rip open her presents . her favorite present was this [male] doll . she played with nothing else . to cap off the day she blew out her first birthday cake candle .
a white , blue , and yellow frosted [organization] princess-themed birthday cake for a one-year old girl . a woman watching a little boy and a little girl as they sit on the floor and look at books . a woman is helping a child unwrap a present . a family sitting on the ground playing a game a person helping a baby crawl through a tunnel .
the cake was extremely cute . the children played together well . we had one girl who was a little too happy about the presents . we played board games for a bit . many of the kids had fun with the hands on playing .
child looking at a birthday cake for one-year old . a young mom watching two small kids looking at books |a young mom watching two small kids looking at books woman and two children sitting by the fireplace unwrapping presents a mother and four children sit on the ground and look at toys . a small child trying to get in a hamper .
the field was very green . the slide was red today . the people were tired from jogging . the people almost made it to the end . they celebrated with coffee .
a photograph of adults , children and a dog posing in front of cars . a small smiling child sits on top of a pony and rides . a kid is hiding in a tube at the park a woman in denim giving something to a dog to eat . cutting down a christmas tree is an annual tradition that a lot of people do .
a family gathers together for their annual christmas tree picking . the young boy rides a pony for the first time . he plays around in the net for the tree . a dog eats out of the woman 's hand gently . finally the family finds the perfect tree .
a large family has gathered outside near their cars and poses for a group photo . a child rides a pony in an enclosure . a young boy is playing in a small tunnel-type structure while his friend watches in the background . a woman is feeding her dog something out of her hand a man is carrying a small pine tree and saw in front of a child and a woman .
the family went on a camping trip . for the youngest , it was his first time camping . the children mostly goofed off while the adults set up camp . it was time to hunt and the dog was given an item to catch its scent . they headed off to find some deer .
a group of people is taking a picture together a boy is riding a animal with a shirt . a boy in a tunnel playing on a play ground . the woman is feeding the dog with her hand a man and a young boy carrying a christmas tree at a christmas tree farm .
it was their first american 4th of july party . the fireworks were blowing up in full force . they lit the sky up beautifully . the little ones loved the sparklers . the night ended well with lots of drinks flowing all night long .
people using sparklers on a cold night outdoors . a couple of lights are in front of a group of houses orange fireworks cover the night sky as people watch on the rooftop . fireworks are being set off by a woman at a railing left over bottle rockets from the celebration in the streets .
here 's the girls with sparklers on 4th of july . watching the big fireworks show was exciting . ... more fireworks in the sky ... after the fireworks show we headed home . look at all the smoke in the city . we decided to hang out a little longer , cuz there was still a crowd .
a group of friend hold their sparklers together image of bright lights that are being displayed on late evening night . a bunch of fireworks are bursting in a dark sky a young girl holding a roman candle as it shoots of the roof of the building the fireworks and wine bottles are littering the parking lot .
together , we raise our sparklers in celebration of the new year . the light trails seem magical in the night . the fireworks look like a flock of magical sparkling butterflies . she lights the roman candle to say farewell to the old , and bring in the new year . in the aftermath of the new years celebration , the champagne seemed to flow freely .
a group of woman stand together holding sparklers . a set of fireworks are being photographed . a large fireworks display erupts over a city . a girl setting off a small firework on a porch a bottle that is on the ground by empty fire works .
the bus ride was a long one . the views from the bus were amazing . the town was beautiful . the museum is beautiful . plenty of history is in there . i am waiting for the next train to come . finally , i can rest on the train .
a woman who is wearing glasses is sitting in a seat on a bus . a highway that has large mountains in the background the beautiful castle set right in the corner of the busy city a woman who 's been designated the bag and bottle babysitter for her group . a woman lays in her pajamas in bed
after a long bus ride we finally reached the city . it was a beautiful place . they had man unique and interesting shops . i had a great time there . at night we would to a restaurant and order food .
a lady with blonde hair is seated on a seat in a vehicle a pair of hills stand behind a row of storefronts . an elaborate european institutional building , old , with lights and arches . a young woman sits on the ground surrounded by various pieces of luggage a person that is sleeping on the red bed .
i made to the bus and found my seat . it was a very clear day out . the mountains were beautiful in the distance . the sky started to get a little dark like it was going to rain . i finally made it to lunch and they offered quite the spread .
a woman sitting by a window on a bus . a racetrack near a hill on a very cloudy day . an important building with many cars parked around them the woman is sitting down resting with all her gear . a woman sleeps across two purple seats while traveling .
the family arrived at their beach for their vacation . jenn was the most excited . the four of them spent a lot of quality time together . the view was absolutely breathtaking . jenn and her husband [male] celebrated their love and happiness .
a family sits at a picnic table in the sand the boat was great and the day could n't of been better . the woman is happy to be running in the sand . a young girl is chasing a seagull at the beach . a group of individuals walking across the pier as the sun goes down .
some friends spent a fun day out on their sailboat . later they went back to the beach and fed some seagulls . they had a nice dinner on the beach . they watched the beautiful sunset together . the boyfriend and girlfriend shared a romantic kiss in front of the sunset .
the people are sitting at a picnic table in the sand at the beach . the trio of friends are on a colorful sailboat in the bluest of waters . a woman runs at the camera on the beach at sunset . woman chasing after bird on sunny day at the beach . the sun is rising over the lighthouse and water
dad took our entire family to the beach for summer vacation . we went sailing which was pretty cool . mom was complaining about how hungry she was and was super happy to reach the shore . i thought she was going to catch and eat a seagull alive . we ended up walking along the boardwalk to look for a place to eat .
four people sitting on a picnic table on a beach . a colorful sailboat sets sail on a clear and sunny day . a young woman skipping on the beach at sunset . a woman that is playing with the birds on the beach . a long pier and lighthouse and several tourists .
there are lots of large buildings all crammed together in the city . this building looks enormous from this angle . this building really stands out in the city skyline . it must be scary to work on a building that far up . so much activity in these buildings .
a tall modern building is surrounded by much shorter and older buildings . a very tall building with all glass pane windows . the skyscraper stands tall in the middle of town . a city skyscraper is being erected beside a shorter building . the skyscrapers stood silently in the afternoon sun .
a big tower of a building is constructed in this city . another big building looms over the city . another building stands off in the distance . this building is rather new . another new building is being constructed . the new buildings should help the economy and generate a ton of new jobs . another building is being built . this city is becoming more and more modern .
a glass and stone skyscraper against a gray sky a building is reflected in a tall sky scraper . the tallest building in a city 's sky line a tall building stands against a clear blue sky . the low angle view of a tall city building .
i wanted to show off my hometwon . there is a building close to where i live . this is my office where i work , i just got a new job . looks like some bad weather could be moving in . but then the sun comes out !
the narrow street leads to the majestic glass building high in the sky . a city skyscraper is reflecting another building in it a large building surrounded by numerous smaller buildings the unusual design of this skyscraper reflects the influence of modern architecture . a building that is next to the apartments homes .
cold and snowy winter days are perfect for building a snow man . you have to search for the right snow to pack into balls to form the snow man 's figure . but once you find the perfect snow , the body really comes together , and a snowman is made . this is how little [female] spent her wintery afternoon , and she had a blast .
tree branches are weighed down heavily by the piling snow behind the shed and swing set in the back yard . a little girl in a pink outfit making a snowman . snow covers the ground as well as several fallen tree branches . snow covered natural landscape during the winter time a small girl wearing winter apparel smiles as she stands next to a snowman .
last night there was a lot of snow fall . everything was covered in the morning . i had a lot of work to do to clear the snow off the property . the children went out to play in it . they made snowmen .
a back yard setting that is covered in snow and the weather is dark . young girl playing in the snow and making a snowman . green pine needles are weighted down by heavy snow in the winter time . a snowy scene with snow on a fallen pine tree . a girl in a pink coat finishes her snowman and poses with it .
looking outside all [female] could see was snow . there was snow on the bird house . there was snow covering the barn . with all that snow there was only one thing to do . [female] built a snowwoman as big as her .
a local park that has been snowed on in the winter . a little girl is trying to build a snowman several large fallen branches laying on snow covered ground . the branch of a tree is covered in snow . a young white girl poses with her snowman .
at a rock concert singing their number one hit . playing a guitar solo . playing a guitar solo with his dad . thanking his fans for their support .
the crowd is looking at the band on the stage . a concert stage , with the players projected on a large screen in front of a three colored background . performers onstage during night time well attended musical event . the concert is put up on a big screen in the venue . a man on stage performing in front of a theater full of people
came to the ampa theater to see my favorite band play . this is him , playing his heart out . i try to imagine he 's singing just to me . sing on , hear those pretty lyrics . two guitars are better than one in this duet . a final song just for me , i 'm glad i came to this concert .
a man standing on stage playing the guitar performers at a concert are projected onto a huge screen behind them . people are gathered around a stage at a concert while the band plays on . a large projector screen behind a stage with a performer . concert with man on stage holding a guitar with both thumbs up .
the band was playing to a jam packed crowd at the event . the stage had great colors around the band . the band member was jamming on his guitar . at times the lights went out which created more mystery to the show . the band member rejoiced to the crowd as they applauded .
a band plays for an audience with a big screen display behind them . a band performs on stage for a crowd of people . people in the crowd are applauding while a band is playing on stage . a musician performs in a blue lit-up amphitheater . a live band that is playing in front of the audience .
what a great trip . the views were amazing . the hotel was so big . i want to stay forever . and the temple was awesome !
two pillars frame a large building in the background across a field . a serene image of the greenery and forest in an open slightly residential area . a bright old building in a hilly countryside . a large church like building that is at the end of a mento with blue skies above a large monument sits surrounded by grass with trees in the distance .
the columns were very nice looking under the pretty sky . the castle was huge and was between trees there were pillars everywhere .
the view between two stone columns , looking towards a large building in the distance . yes it was cloudy but they decided it would be best to put sunscreen on anyway a building that is in the far distance of the fields . a large building with lots of windows in a large field . the monument depicted has been around for a very long time .
the columns were made to look like ruins on the old estate that we stayed at . it was a beautiful place with manicure lawns . the mansion itself was modeled after a castle . it was huge . it had over 40 bedrooms . truly a place made for a king . in fact , it was a previous prince that commissioned the ruins . he loved the greek ruins when he visited and he wanted to bring a bit of it back with him .
view of historic building from landing between two columns a man is looking into a backpack for something . a white mansion in the middle of a green field . a beautiful castle is nestled in the countryside . a large stone piece resting in a grassy field
high school basketball is fun to watch the kids play for the love of the game and not money sometimes you catch a really good game those kids practice all the time and they take it seriously
guys playing basketball and the opponent is wearing a white uniform basketball player number 24 is shooting the ball . man in blue uniform defending basketball against team in white a boy in a jersey is holding a basketball in a gym two adolescent basketball players fight over control of the ball
it was a big game for the boys . they had so much on the line to win . it was a back and forth game till after the second half . our boys pulled ahead and never dropped the lead . we were so proud of them .
a very tall basketball player is catching the ball and a ref and another player are watching . a basketball player is throwing the ball with a crowd looking at him . the game is going on and he is off the floor the game progressed rapidly after the free throw in . 2 boys struggle to gain possession of the basketball
here is a highschool basket ball team for the first time this year.they worked hard in jr high and now here they are competing high school level doing a great job . we are the blue team and the other players are doing great this year as well . im excited to see where we all go this year . getting ready for a shot ... almost made it..wait..got it went right over the other teams hands ! the game is almost over and we are winning by a few points .
a basketball player is saving the play from being out of bounds . a basketball player is shooting taking a shot during a game . a person jumping for the ball in a high school basketball game . a young man , shown from behind , playing a basketball game . a player trying to steal the ball from the other team
the little girl played in her room . she then moved to the living room to explore . the room was well organized . she was able to find many items . the girl had a companion that also loved things .
a young girl carrying a plastic bag stands in a bedroom . the young girl is carrying around the bag a young girl holding a plastic bag is reaching for something out of sight . a girl is walking carrying a plastic grocery bag . a girl on the floor in front of a wooden entertainment center .
they could be anywhere . you never knew where to check next . she thought she was another ! maybe down here ? hey come help me please !
the girl is playing in her room a little girl collects easter eggs inside a house . a female teen in a family room holds a bag , and reaches for something out of the shot . a small child walking through a room holding a bag . two kids reaching into a tv stand in a cluttered room .
the girls are collecting easter eggs . they hid them all around the house . now they are running around to find them . they stuffed them with candy . who will find the most ?
a young female in a bedroom holding a white grocery bag . a busy girl is playing with her bag of colored toys . a girl in a living room holds a white bag on one arm while her other arm is extended . a young girl walking or crouching holding a plastic bag . a young girl is crouching down to something .
i went on a trip with my uncle when i was on the plane i took some pictures the clouds were great we were up in the air very high it was great to be up in the air
a view through an airplane window , looking down at green fields and buildings near the ocean . a village and its countryside can be seen from the air . a view from a plane window reveals fluffy clouds and green land below . aerial view of a shoreline and peninsula with clouds in the distance . the view from the jet airliner is not as bright and cheery as the photographer had hoped it would be .
i went on my first airplane ride . the view was stunning . once we got above the clouds it was even prettier . it 's amazing how you can see the curve of the earth . the coast looked incredible form high up .
from thousands of feet above the ground everything looks small and peaceful . looking through haze in the air , an aerial shot of a town surrounded by fields . the sky view of the clouds and green land a look at the earth from the plane above . an aerial view of land and sea masses in dark colors
the airplane flew through the clouds . the passenger kept track of his progress as he took pictures through his window . they flew high above cities . they began their descent . the plane arrived at the airport .
view of a water front town from an airplane window an aerial image of a town and farmland . the people on the plane are looking down at the clouds a coastal area as seen from the window of an airplane a black and white photo from the air over land and water .
i won free tickets to attend the vloggies awards . this is me on the right , and my best friend who i chose to bring with me . here 's a photo of some of our favorite vloggers . bunny and her pet bunny carrot were there too ! at the end of the night a cash award was given to the top voted vlogger .
a sign celebrating the achievements of vlogs and online video an image of a woman carrying pets in a basket a content looking man in a purple pinstripe suit with his arms extended widely a large check is presented at an awards ceremony . a young man standing in front of a mascot
we got together at the annual awards banquet as i arrive with my best friend we seen behind us the fun goofy co-workers and we had to thank ming for bringing the 2nd prize then it was time for the awards we were so glad to win it was really unexpected
this is a presentation on vlogs for businesses a woman holding a basket with two bunnies inside it the man in the striped suit and hand is smiling with his hands open . a group of people holding a large check for two thousand dollars . a young man is laughing with a person dressed in a yellow duck suit .
it was the vloggies ! a day that vloggers look forward to . [female] brought in the gifts to be given out . and [male] had put on his best suit . a group of people got up to award a organizaion some money for all the work they did with vlogggers . and [male] hung out with the duck . i 'd call it a successful night !
a sign for an award given to vloggers . the lady is carrying a basket of at least three bunny rabbits . a man with a purple suit and a black hat . man in black suit holding large check for 2000 dollars . a guy talking to someone in a duck costume
another fun day at location location and a special day at that . st. [male] 's day is a big event on this island and everyone wants to get in on the act . some people really get into it and go all out . even the water turned green for the occasion . this is a great place to celebrate , they have their rescue personally ready to do their jobs if anything goes awry .
man wearing glasses , a brown guinness hat , and a green dyed beard . a woman is displaying her heritage on her gloves . man wearing vibrant green wig in a large gathered crowd despite being in the middle of a city the parks grass is green and healthy . men are riding in a rescue boat with a flag that says 'xrt ' .
i was tired from my long flight overseas to location . my dad was ready to go though ! my sister brought her gloves in case it was cold . we took many pictures and it was great experience ! my sister wanted to stay warm so she refuse to take off her gloves .
an old man with a green painted goatee . an image of a person wearing green irish gloves a man with a green afro in the crowd . a city surrounding a canal of water with green dye . the boat cruised on the oddly hued waters .
people showed their support to location by really getting into the spirit . some people wore clothes that rooted them on . other people wore wigs to show their support . the town as a whole supported by literally coloring the river green . the enthusiasm was all around the city that day .
a man with his mustache and beard painted in green a woman with green gloves which say irish on them showing them to the camera . a man that is wearing a small green wig on his head . a large green body of water in a city water contamination is a human disaster and will create environmental problems in the future .
i was washing dishes yesterday and i broke one of my best wine glasses . it was my favorite one . i really liked it . all of the glass pieces were really sharp and i hurt myself trying to clean them up . i have to be more careful next time .
an object that has been rinsed with soap . a small bowl with an orange lid on a granite counter top a teapot and a glass that is being cleaned in the sink . the glass has a crack in it and ca n't be used broken glass strewn around on hard surface area .
bubbles are seen at the bottom of the glass . the tea pot is dark brown and light brown . the tea pot and glass with bubbles are next to each other . the glass cracks . the glass shatters and lays on the table .
bubbles are captured by an up ended glass . a brown ceramic teapot in a pool of soapy water . a tea pot and a wine glass soaking in soapy water a broken glass that is a crack in it . someone appeared to have dropped a glass bowl .
this glass is dirty and needs to be washed . it has broken , luckily it is still intact . the glass has shattered , at least it is still mostly in one piece . now the glass has broken all over the place ! somebody is going to have to clean up this huge mess !
a large bubble is in a wine glass a picture of a brown tea pot setting in soap bubbles dishes in the sink being washed with soap a wine glass that has a large crack in one side . a broken clear glass or bowl on a gray surface .
first the person took a wide photo of the crash for his insurance claim . then the person needed a close up photo of the impact zone . after the van was moved there was a need for the window damage photo . then a photo of the inside of the door . as well as a full shot of the side of the car .
a man approaches a green van parked across an intersection . a van has crashed into a car door a shattered window caused from the car being in an accident . a car door is seen open and ajar , while the window is also broken . a blue car with a smashed in drivers side door .
as a jogger , i see a lot of accidents . this accident was a light collision . sure , the window busted , but no one got hurt . the driver got out immediately and called the cops . the car wo n't be functional for a while .
man stands near van at roadway intersection in small town . a truck has run into the driver side door of a car . the drivers side window is shattered and busted out a vehicle is parked and it 's door is hanging open . the car has suffered a dent on the driver side door .
[male] called me and said to come to the intersection because a van had hit his car . from the side it did not look too bad . his window was broken but nothing else seemed to be alright . the door still opened ok so we thought , just maybe he could get away with just a new window . when we closed the door though , and looked at it , we knew he would be lucky if all he needed was a new door .
a van pulled onto a private street with the back door open . a truck and a car get into an accident . the front driver side window is shattered a mostly missing . an open car door at the side of the road . the car 's driver side door is severely smashed in .
[female] coulter 's pictures shows a beautiful , young woman . [female] is outside picking flowers on a nice day . the family sat in the living room to take the picture . grandma always took great care of the children . the neighbors were always very friendly and well dressed .
an old black and white photo of a baby by the name of [female] . the girl is wearing a dress with a large bow on her head . a little girl that is sitting on a table . an older picture in black and white of a family with a small child in the middle . old photograph featuring gathering of family members indoors .
[female] was born in 1912 . she was named after the girl from `` the wizard of oz '' she was a much beloved child . many pictures were taken of her by her family . she grew to be a sweet and very clever child . her parents adored her . in later years , she had a large family of her own .
a young child is shown in what appears to be an old photograph . the picture had words underneath giving a little information on it . liking the old picture of the girl , she is cute . parents with their young daughter , a happy family . the black and white photograph is of the family all together .
the family had rich and varied history , and the baby was dressed in the fashion of the season . she grew into a little girl , wearing a large bow that was in style at the time . she was a little unsure of herself as she posed , careful not to move . the family photos were very serious . photographers needed people to be very still or the images would blur . the family grew and pictures became more candid as cameras were able to capture movement much faster , and the little girl had grown up .
an old picture of a little girl in a white dress . the person in the picture is dorothy coulter daughter of ernest coulter and old sepia colored portrait of a young girl a family photo that is in black and white . they got together after dinner for a family pic
while we were on our trip we saw some great works we could n't understand all the signs but we loved all the architecture and buildings we went for a nice walk the scenery was all so great and peaceful
cubes are placed upon a wall and are lit from the inside . hand drawn signs inside of a sign box two barn like building up close to each other . three walking people on a landing between stairs . some water source has some unidentifiable shadows cast upon it .
as we looked behind us , we could see how high we were . we climbed up a steep staircase on a hill . we finally reached the top . from the top we could see the whole city . we walked towards a statue at the top of the hill .
four shadow boxes with lights inside them are hanging on a red wall white signs decorated with hearts are on a red background under a glass display case mounted to the outside wall of a building . trash cans are lined up near the back deck of a big red building . three people look on from a large outdoor staircase . reflection of old mission facade in troubled water .
there are many pictures hanging on the wall . also there is a sign with handwritten notes on it . outside the sun is going down soon . a group of women go for a walk . beside the sidewalk is a body of water .
various art work hang on a red wall with lights around them a handwritten sign in a frame behind glass on the outside of a building . the buildings seem close in this landscape of red but the glue and brown herby curby dumpsters seem peaceful . a few people are seen walking down stairs towards the building . a building 's reflection is showing in the water .
it 's just another lazy saturday . we had to do a little shopping . then we were able to come home and relax . we spent some time in bed , watching television and talking . we rarely get to spend quiet time together ! we do enjoy cuddling ! i surprised my wife with a stuffed animal . she thought it was cute .
a woman leaves the store with merchandise in her hand . the man and the woman are laying on the bed two people are all smiles posing for a picture . ugly woman laying her head on top of an ugly man . a girl is proudly holding up her stuffed bunny .
she was almost done getting her things out of the cart . they were having fun hanging out at the houe . they took a lot of pictures . they were a bunch of goofballs . she had picked up a stuffed rabbit that day as a gift .
a short haired lady in a red [location] sweatshirt is holding a package in a parking lot . two people laying in a bed smiling for the camera . the two people are close and smiling for the camera . a woman resting on a reclined man under a picture . a young girl smiles as she poses with a stuffed bunny .
going out grocery shopping with my wife . my wife emptying our cart into the car . my wife in an empty lonely parking lot . me relaxing after a long exhausting day . my wife and i laying in bed after a long day .
a women in a red sweater smiles as she holds a black bag . a man wearing wire-frame glasses relaxes on a bed with a smiling friend . a young couple standing really close smiling at the camera . two people are laying on the bed smiling . a woman smiles while holding a stuffed bunny .
today , we went to a concert for my friend 's band . for the first part , they decided to stand on their guitars . soon , they started really playing . we were all really impressed . needless to say , the concert was exciting .
these are the necks of three electric guitars a house band at a show waiting for something . a man on stage playing the drums with dark lighting . musicians that are playing on the stage in front of the audience . a man rocks out too hard on stage , collapsing to the filthy surface .
the set stage before the concert began . tons of young talented rock bands performed . there were some very talented young people , including this amazing drummer . the two guitar duet was beyond great . this was the end of the concert and boy did he rock it .
the tops of three guitars and a piece of audio equipment . two band members stand on top of the drums . a person sitting with a set of drums . two musicians jamming out on a stage with their instruments . a singer is laying down on stage while being illuminated by pink stage lighting .
the instruments ready for the concert . the musicians saluting the crowd before they start . the drummer seating behind his drums . the base players rocking the tunes . the head singer feeling the music and singing on stage .
three guitars sit with their handles up against a wall . a men standing on stage with stage lights lighting them up . this guy could really play those drums . i could listen all night . a band plays music in the dim red- and pink-colored lighting . a man is singing on stage and laying on the ground while doing so .
i went to an amusement park while visiting location . i liked the rides that seat several because the lines move quicker . this ride was extremely tall . we also played some games . i won a stuffed animal at this one .
the entry of the fair had a sign that said `` the tickler '' . a group of people at an amusement park on a ride . swinging chair amusement park ride at the zenith of its run with patrons filling all seats . boys in yellow t-shirts line up at the shooting game . a couple of kids are at a fair
today we went to the fair . they have so many rides to choose from . this one was my favorite ride to ride on . we all had so much fun together . there were even too many rides to ride all in one day !
a sign for a ride at an amusement park called the tickler . many people in seats for a ride at the fair great attraction for a carnival a lot of kids wants to ride on this wheel the kids enjoy their field trip to the fair by looking through telescopes . two girls standing near the table with shoes to their legs
our day at the fair always starts with the tickler . it 's the coolest ride ! then , the one that takes you put in the air and then drops you . i like how it makes my stomach feel ! the high up swings are scary but so , so cool ! i took the kids to play that game where you try to fill up a clown . it was funny watching some littler kids try to do the whack-a-mole !
a face is painted up on a structure an image of a group about to ride at an amusement park i am really not going to watch as my kids ride the high ride . school boys in matching yellow t-shirts play carnival shooting game . two small girls in orange shirts playing whac a mole
calculus is always a challenge . when i attended college , our math hall was located in a 125 year old building this is the top of our science lab which includes a giant telescope ! at night . the gates are closed off to the general public . sculptures are found throughout the campus .
the black station wagon is parked beside the building with a shark in the roof the photograph is very ancient looking with arch shapes around windows and doors . the grass is very well kept up and very green . the cement which is part of the structure has a faded looking cement as well as some mold on it . two statutes that have very long arms and hands . chalk board , about three foot square with an advanced math equation written in white chalk . a picture of some very old brick buildings
i was very late to class today because i slept in too long . when i got to school there was nobody walking around because class was already in session . the art students always make strange things . when i got to class the instructor was busy teaching and nobody noticed i was late . i had to stay in class for the next few hours while trying not to fall asleep again .
a pub or building with the sculpture of a very large shark diving into the roof . a long stone path lines the courtyard of a large building . two sculptures depicting people placed in an outdoor area . a chalk board with a math problem on it a chapel that resembles a castle sits among other old buildings .
we saw some crazy sights on our trip . at this house , it appeared like a shark was flying through the roof . the architecture was beautiful . this building was like a castle . it was definitely fit for royalty . there were interesting statues as well , in surprising poses . we were surprised to see this chalk board with math problems . it was a grand estate and we ca n't wait for you to see it one day .
building with shark in top of roof with black car parked in street a large stone building with a well manicured lawn . two iron sculptures appear emaciated as they stand beside a stone brick building . some tough math problems written on a chalkboard a green lawn fronts these old , but well kept buildings .
the people are gathering for the parade . the fire truck is coming through . the parade is over . they are celebrating independence day together . and later fired fireworks in the sky .
a parade passes by many people who have lined up on the streets for a 4th of july celebration . a large red truck is coming down a street lined with people . the couple is sitting among the other people people are dancing on a driveway and a string of lights hands in front of one of the garage doors . some fireworks and bright lights outline a dark sky .
my first motorcycle trip took me through location . i went through a town that was having a celebration for the holiday weekend . it got too out of hand and the fire department was called to clear the streets . i took that as my cue to head out and go back to the hacienda . where i met up with my fellow bikers to plan our next road trip .
a parade coming down a street filled with people . a red truck with lights flashing drives down a road lined with people . a dark man and a woman are sitting on a bench among others . the family is in the driveway dancing together to the music . fireworks are being set off over a city
there was a parade going on . the first thing up was a fire truck . a man watched on . later on there was a street party . it ended with a big fireworks show .
a crowd of people is walking down a road with a mountain in the background a firetruck sprays water as it heads down a parade route . a couple sits down for a rest on hot day . a group of people is dancing in front of a garage adorned with festive lights . a picture in the dark with fireworks and some pretty lights in the background .
it was time for the scout meeting the kids stood in line to show their respect the older kids looked on here they were recruiting new members all the old and new members saluted
two students and two teachers on stage making presentation . a group of boy scouts are saluting and speaking . students line up at an assembly in front of exhibits . they made sure they paid attention to their teacher seven boys in the boy scouts taking a photo next to an american flag .
today was a field tripl everyone in the class was excited . all the students engaged in the field trip . we got to talk to each other . it was a fun day and we all took pictures .
kids presenting a project at a science fair in front of other children . the boy scouts are saluting at the patriotic ceremony . a group of children on stage in front of a crowd of other children . an adult stands with several children in front of a presentation board . a group of boy scouts saluting the american flag
the event began with a small word from our sponsor . next , the boy scouts gave a small demo . all of the participants stood on the stage . some of the students had interesting projects . the scouts took a group picture at the end .
an adult male and female with two children standing in front of a classroom . boy scouts and cub scouts are front in center in front of other children reading the pledge of allegiance . a group of school children receiving awards in front of an assembly of their classmates . a woman stands beside 5 students looking at a display board . group of boy scouts that are about to conduct in a ceremony
[male] was ready for his first visit to the petting zoo , the barn was open and ready for [male] . [male] was scared of this goat . the monkey was relaxing not caring about what was going on . [male] loved looking at all the animals
two women holding small toddler on sun patio a barn animal is partly visible through the open door a red building . a black and white skunk looking goat smiling at the camera . isolating animals in cages inside zoos is frowned upon by animal activist . a dark haired woman holds a child on a deck .
i went to the fair with my kids last weekend . there were a lot of people there . they also had a barn . we got to see a lot of animals . we ca n't wait to go back later .
two women play with a baby boy on a short foot bridge . a farm shack that is housing a friendly animal . a black and white billy goat looks at the camera on this sunny day . monkey sitting near rocks by chain link fence a woman with sunglasses holding a toddler with a hat .
the child was having so much fun on the carousel . his mother came to support her son , but he was distracted by a onlooker nearby . hidden in the shed a goat spied on the child and made him uneasy . startled by the goat the grandmother decided to take the child far away from the scary looking goat . the mother and her son began to have more fun . so long as they stay away from the goat .
a woman adjusts the hat on a little boy being held by his mom . a pig is sitting on his hind legs inside the door of a red barn . a goat with horns looking at the camera in a petting zoo . the brown monkey is relaxing in the zoo a black haired woman holding a baby with a hat .
[male] dozed and started dreaming of places he 'd like to visit , like the australian outback . or , the gorgeous location location and their wonderful flowers . or , the beautiful cloud forests in location location . maybe a chilly irish coastline in the fall . and , then he awoke , in his chair at home .
an open field with multiple bales of hay . cup shaped pink flowers with spots in the middle . there is trees that are being burned because of the heat and the weather that they are loosing leaves . it is a forest of amazing trees of many kinds . the large black rocks are by the water a bachelor pad 's bedroom , from the young man 's perspective .
i went on a nature hike today . i especially loved all of the flowers . the rock formations and water were beautiful too . this one was especially interesting . i ca n't believe i found some wild roses .
a field with hay bailes on a cloudy day a closeup photo of a purple flower with dark spots a forest of trees is overgrown and look like bunches of broccoli . ocean waves move toward a sandy beach filled with large rocks a view of the t.v . and all of its accessories .
this is a picture of the cloudy sky . this is a picture of pink flowers . this is a picture of the shore . this is a picture of the beach . this is a picture of a light pink flower .
a fish-eye view of a field a that is intermittently dotted with hay bales at dusk . the flowers are a dark and light purple with white specks and are in full bloom . the tree 's looked very great on the spring evening . a bunch of rocks are in front of a bay a [organization] laying down looking at their tv .
traveling can bring you to the best of places . you can get the chance to see beautiful buildings , and even go inside some of these buildings . you can see them from afar , and you can see some fun statues that you ca n't find anywhere else . traveling can open you up to new worlds , so everyone should try it sometime .
an area where a normal day proceeds as usual . walkway of a church with benches on both sides leading to the podium at the end . a sculpture of a yelling man showing a face and hands with an opposing duplicate sculpture below . a circular array of lights creates a pleasant image at night . three women posing for a picture at night .
we went to see the art in the city that day . the inside of the church was made us feel very enriched . this sculpture was very strange yet captivating . the lighting was extremely intense and illuminating . we all posed for a photo before leaving .
this city is amazing , look at the beautiful buildings . the inside of a church holds a few people in the front pews who appear to be praying . a modern sculpture of a man with open mouth . an elaborately set up chandelier in an otherwise dark room three people that are standing near each other .
when the sun rose , we began walking and browsing buildings outside . this building was much closer to our destination . inside , it looked a church or a court room . their was such a large area of city and i was in awe . along our route home , we ran into this interesting sculpture .
several tall buildings are visible and people walking outside a person is standing inside a large church the statue in the center of the buildings is cool a lot of lights form a large circle . three girls standing outside at night posing for a photo
this was my favorite porche at the porche car show last weekend . if i were to get a porche , this would be the exact style and color i would choose . the headlights and rims were one of a kind ! the front end was so sleek and pretty . we were able to get inside and look around to get a drivers feel for it !
a silver car sits in a showroom near other cars . picture of a silver [organization] in a show room . two people sit in a shiny silver car parked in a showroom . two men seated in a silver sports car on the showroom floor a porsche car is parked inside a room
we entered the shop and saw lots of really cool cars on display . some of them were very unusual and very expensive . there were several race cars . modern sports cars were my top pick . the older sports cars were pretty neat too .
an expensive looking silver car sits in a showroom . a porsche is shining off the lights ' reflection expensive silver car with two people in it in a sales room this image is of a silver car inside of a show room . a luxury sport vehicle with occupants inside
luckily my car was in the local auto show this year . i made sure to give it a good wash and polish . the car looked really good underneath the bright lights . there were a lot of cars at the show but this was the best spot . everyone wanted to sit in the car and all said it felt really comfortable .
a silver car is on top of the yellow floor . two men are sitting in an expensive sports car inside a garage . a silver convertible sports car with two men sitting in it on the dealership floor . people checking out a new silver car on the showroom floor . a man is talking to another man about a silver car .
there were a lot of popular seafood restaurants in town to choose from . they all used bright , neon signs on the outside of the buildings . some seemed classier than others say as boudin . franciscan was considered a high class restaurant . eat at [male] 's was definitely the most popular choice among tourists .
man behind counter in large local shop featuring specialty meat item . at this bakery , bread is baked into cute shapes , like a turtle or a teddy bear . a price for a round of bread is on display in a case . a chef alone in the kitchen making food with advanced tools . a large sign with large white print on it
one of my favorite eateries from vacation this year was boudin . this bakery is found in many locations in the location . sculpted bread is a favorite , especially with our kids ! look at the cute turtle . the breads are made from sourdough , hearth breads , and other specialties and the prices are reasonable . we even had the opportunity to watch the bakers in action . if you visit a town with a organization organization organization organization , be sure to stop in !
a very fancy bakery has more than just bread available . bread has been baked in the shape of a teddy bear and a turtle . round loaves of bread are being displayed in a bakery case the man works hard at his bakery every morning to create loaves of bread . a nigh scene of a lit sign for a sourdough bakery and cafe .
we walked into boudin , ready for a night on the town . the breads were amazing , and we , unfortunately , filled up on them . i had n't had hot cross buns since i was a kid , so i had to buy a few of those . after our heavy spending , the wait staff was nice enough to let us snap a few pictures of the kitchen . we probably spent too much , but this was a nice start to a decent night out .
the [location] bakery displays its many wares as well as a large sign , two loafs of baked bread in the shape of a teddy bear and a turtle . five , five pound round buns sit inside a glass case . a baker making loaves of bread lined up on a table . a sign that is advertising the local bakery and cafe .
the little penguins were taking a break from the sun ! we loved our view of the ocean ! the penguins were having fun on the beach ! there were so many penguins ! here i am with my penguin friends in the background .
2 black and white animals hanging out together . the green grases land is next to the blue ocean wayter a flock of penguins on a beach getting ready to swim several animals on a beach near the ocean woman in blue shawl and straw hat near the beach
two penguins were sitting in the bushes . we admired the view of the ocean . there were many penguins on the beach . the penguins looked cool near the waves . my friend wore her sun hat near the penguins .
two birds sitting very close together among the high grass . a sailing vessel is just visible on the horizon of this large body of water . penguins march on the beach and swim in the shallows . a large number of penguins walking along a sandy beach . a woman that is wearing a hat next to the beach .
these two penguins are hiding . this one wanted to go for a walk . here is all his friends and family on the beach . we laughed when we saw this penguin trying to wake his friend up . my girlfriend was so happy to see the penguins .
cute animals are resting on the ground under big blades of grass . the waves lap against the rocks and grassy shore . a group of penguins are standing near the shore . a group of penguins congregate on beach on sunny day . a woman wearing a large straw hat is smiling in front of a beach .
water breaks against the shore on a cloudy morning . this boat cuts through the water . two cats stand near the water , maybe looking for some fish . the sun breaks slightly through the clouds in the afternoon . a cargo ship moves near port at the end of the day .
dark waves crashing upon a stone filled seawall . a boat leaves a long wake behind it as it tugs along towards the beach . two gray and white cats standing on a cement surface . the clouds barely let the sunlight come through over the shore . a boat that is carrying masses of cargo .
we walked along the ocean just before the storm hit . a boat heads for the harbor and safety . these cats checked us out as they sought shelter . the calm before the storm . the cargo ship did n't seem to be worried about the storm .
the waves hitting the rocks at a rocky coastline . a tugboat heads for a city on an overcast day . two black cats standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera . several stone structures in front of a beautiful sky . a cargo ship sailing on rough seas under a grey sky .
two cats went for a walk together . they walked along the littered coast . they were able to see a small boat . the beach was in disrepair with litter and even an abandoned tire . they were even able to see a cargo ship in the distance .
a rocky beach surrounding the ocean with dark clouds . the boat made its way across the lonely waters two gray cats standing on concrete floor looking at the camera a series of man shaped stones laying near the ocean . a cargo ship is steering through some choppy water .
super hero day in location was always a sight to see . obama dolls were on sale due to his fame . many american heroes were seen in location . even darth vader was in location . the day went south when the drug cartels came to shoot up the convention .
a line of people dressed up as super [male] characters . two dolls of a president in boxes for sale . people dressed up in a comic book store pose for a picture the vew is in a roo made up of sculpture of diffrent warriors several people are lying down with other people dressed in camouflage clothing stand over them pointing guns at each other .
halloween is a time for costumes . nothing like a bag head to brighten the day ! these costumes are from the wild side . space invaders or are they wannabe types ? be protected .
a group of people stand together dressed up as video game characters . the president obama has a doll made in his likeness who had big ears . three people that are dressed in some yellow costumes star wars costume on display in room a group of people in uniforms hold guns on some captured people .
we went to organization as the racers from [male] kart this year . we saw some people in tiki masks . we saw some one piece cosplay . others came as star wars characters . others i had no clue .
a group poses wearing costumes from the super [male] brother 's game . this shows obama dolls for sale in a foreign country . people pose for pictures at a costume party . a comic con convention has a bunch of costumed characters on display . a group of cosplay militia posing around injured people at a convention .
the men dressed in old war uniforms . the women are dressed up in different colored dresses . this is the birthday girl . she wore orange . her closest friends wore purple . the girls she did n't like had to wear the blue dresses of shame .
men dressed in red and white uniforms walk in a parade . a group of people that are dressed in red outfits . the beauty queen in an orange dress is sitting and smiling . the [organization] [organization] day [female] and two princesses all dressed in purple dresses waving at people . two girls are sitting down wearing crowns and waving .
[female] loved to make masks . she loved the bigger one with feathers . the intricate ones took a lot of time . they looked best on her face shape . she was happy to look more beautiful under her mask .
a man wearing a revolutionary war uniform carries a flag in a parade , while other similarly dressed men carry drums and musical instruments . the winners got on stage and accepted their awards . young woman wearing tiara seated at formal event . three young ladies as representatives waving to the crowds . two ladies that are dressed up as princesses .
before the event started , a man waved the american flag . the next vehicle to approach was very old in nature . the women approached in their gowns . some of the young women had tiaras and smiles . one woman won the crown and the title at the end of the event .
a man in period costume carries a flag in a parade . several young girls dressed in pink and white participating in a pageant . a girl wearing a sash , tiara and long earrings smiles at the camera . three seated ladies , wearing purple long gowns and silver gloves , who are wearing crowns on their heads . two pageant winners wearing blue dresses are seated and waving in a parade .
many tourists visited this national park . the scenery was breathtaking . the man came here to hike . he met two other hikers and they started to talk . an elderly couple asked the hiker to take their picture . he was happy to do so . he could relate with people who liked the same things he did .
fog is covering a snowy mountain side with some grass the river is calm and there are trees in the surrounding area . a man with a backpack stands next to a large metal container in the woods . a man in green stands in the bushes . a hike on a beautiful day that went past the most beautiful stream
on our trip to location we hiked by a beautiful river . we stopped by a historical train track that was still being used . we got to listen to piano music at a local cafe . we stopped by a bar for a drink and were surprised to see the delightful man with the hat . we enjoyed walking through town exploring the shops . .
several vehicles parked in a lot at the foot of a mountain . [male] and trees with a mountain in the background the man is standing in from of a green dumpster in the woods a few people stopped during the middle of a hike a man and a woman pose together in front of a rushing stream .
our trip to the mountains was held up by bad weather . so we toured the river instead . we found our camping spot . after foraging through the woods we found food . we were happy to be at the river instead of the mountain .
people stand around trucks in front of a snowy mountain . clouds roll in over a stream in a mountain valley . adult backpacker stands next to large metal container in middle of the woods . three people stand in a field with green bushes surrounding them . a couple pose for a picture against a fast river .
the streets are lined up with people ready to watch a fun race at night . the bikes are very nice , some may possibly even be mountain bikes . as the racers sit and wait they chat it up with other local racers . some racers practice tricks to make the time go by fast . the race is coming soon and the competitors can hardly wait .
the people are hanging out on the side of the road . the people are standing behind the bike rack . man sitting on yellow bike near building a man doing tricks on a bicycle people are riding bicycles at night in the city
there was a massive crowd gathered for the bike event . everyone was getting ready to have a good time riding through the city . there were a couple of riders goofing off on their bikes while we waited . some riders were even pulling wheelies which caused everyone to cheer . everyone had a great time in the city that night hanging out .
a group of people are standing by a city street . bicycle parked outside of a business in the evening . there were so many bikes that it was difficult to walk around . a person is riding a bike at night . a couple of pictures of horses at night
late night bike rides can be fun . here we are riding to location . look at all the lights . i took this picture because it 's neat to see . let 's go , on our way back home so soon . rounding everyone up to go home . almost hit that guy .
busy street at night lined with many people . a group of people at a party are outside a group of friends are enjoying riding their bike beside the building a boy riding a bike near a rack full of bikes at night . nighttime panorama of cyclists in city scene at corner of intersection .
we had a great time on our mexican vacation . lots of fun going on by the ocean . lots of cool buildings there as well . the sunset was beautiful . now it is time to party .
waves crash beyond an historic building with ornate architecture . this is a beautiful view of a church by the sea a very odd statue outside of a large yellow mansion a man with glasses that is sitting next to the other man . a lit sign reading `` felicidades '' at night time .
the peaked building was seen overlooking the ocean . the beautiful building had amazing architecture . the statue stood in front of the yellow historic building . the two man pose for a picture on that beautiful day . the lights lit up a night showing the location is the place to be .
a building with an orange dome is erected near the water . modern building stand next to ocean with large stone building and tower nearby . a statue of a man fighting with another man over a woman two young men sprawl in chairs on a sunlit porch . an electronic sign illuminates an awning during nighttime .
our visit to the coast was a huge success . we had great weather . many people come here to take advantage of the breezes for kite flying . the old church was certainly a site to behold with the ocean as a backdrop . the clouds in the night sky made us feel small . lighted signs at night gave the place an air of festivity .
the building almost appears to be sitting in the water the white building looks so majestic next to the water and old tilted building . this sculpture is very detailed with the forms of three different people . the patio was a great place out of the sun to take pics a sign in spanish , over an archway , lit up with lights at night .
my friend and i went to the family restaurant today . we showed her how we made chinese noodles . then we got to sit down and see how they tasted . the dessert was even more heavenly . we had a great day and i think she wants to come back .
two young girls smile for the camera in front of a large banner . the chef is making a noodles with his assistant cook they are sitting in a kitchen having a meal . a grouping of twist pastries on top of a white plate . two women in pink head scarves stand next to a woman in a black sweater .
i have a friend named [male] . [male] has his stepsister that lives in location . [male] 's dad is a cook . he loves to bake cookies . this is his apprentice .
a caucasian woman poses with an asian woman in front of a banner with asian letters on it an asian man stretching out angel hair pasta . people surrounding the table feasting and partying . some food staffs and some drinks can be seen on the table . a plate full of delicious , golden , crispy pastries . a woman is standing in a kitchen with two workers .
i visited my friend at her family 's restaurant . i was shown how they make noodles ! they invited me to have a meal with them . i loved these pastries . everything i ate was good ! they were so nice . i had a great time .
two women of different ethnicity posing in front of a banner . a cook holding up very long noodles with both hands the people are having what seem 's like a family meal . rows of brown puffed food on a blue dish . the women are smiling and looking at the camera .
the kardashians held a big press conference to announce new purses being added under their brand . the purses are considered top of the line . [female] is seen making her way to the podium table now . lot 's of photographs being taken by critics and fans alike . location is already seated as she takes a few questions from the crowd . everyone wants the full scoop on these purses . [female] has taken her seat as she takes her first question . the khardashians are use to all the publicity . after the press conference concluded , [female] was nice enough to sign a few autographs to a few special fans .
some ugly purses in the window of an expensive store a woman that is wearing a unique outfit . khloe kardashian sits on a panel with a microphone in her hand she only looks beautiful on the outside but look deeper for the truth a woman in a white dress is wrirting
the organization held a press conference to promote their new line of purses . [female] kardashian was in attendence . [female] answered questions from the audience . [female] posed for a picture . she also signed autographs for fans .
the handbags are on display at the red carpet event . a lady in a fancy sweater standing and posing for a picture to be taken . this photo is of a lady with long brown hair speaking into a mic at an event . an attractive woman smiles while at what seems to be a press event . a well known celebrity is sitting at a table signing autographs .
the kardashian 's proudly display their products . [female] stands in front of her display as someone describes the products . [female] glances at her notes to help describe the purses . [female] takes the microphone so that she may speak . [female] decides to take a few notes .
one leopard print purse on top of a red purse both on shelves [female] kardashian wearing stylish clothes at a show biz affair . a famous woman is speaking to a microphone . a woman that is smiling for the cameras . a lady is signing a book that she wrote .
a mother and father sit in their dining room . the children come in to ask their mother for something . teletubbies is on a television nearby . the kids love the sunshine baby . the children gather around in a circle on the floor and play games .
a man and a woman hold a barrel in a dining room . a woman and some kids are walking around inside a building . four different colored teletubbies on a black television . a babies face up in the clouds in a starburst . a family sitting in a living room and waving at the camera .
the father is preparing the living room for the kids to watch the teletubbies . the kids are running over to watch the teletubbies . the teletubbies are entertaining the kids . the sun baby is laughing at the teletubies . the kids are all over-joyed with having watched this show !
the man is holding an item for the woman . woman and three kids on a white tiled floor . a television screen displays the teletubbies show on air . the picture shows a boy surrounded by the rays of the sun a family waves while sitting in the living room
i took pictures during my favorite kids show . i like the one where they turn a log into a friendly pet . they all sat around and waved to the camera . and the end of the show a baby sun was in the sky . and then the characters came out to say goodbye .
a tv set shows the image of a man and girl in room with lots of decorations . a sony tv is showing a woman and children walking 4 teletubbies are on a television screen standing in snow . a sunburst frames the face of a cute , smiling infant . clouds in a deep blue sky surround the sunburst , and the pretty scene is being shone on a black computer monitor . upon a tv screen a group of young children and a woman is shown waving .
the military got together . they were waiting for awrds . everyone listened to a speach . many army guyscame . the woman were there too .
a group of military men meeting for the first time a group of soldiers that are shaking hands with somebody . men in business suits have a conversation with military veterans . a man wearing a black suit standing on a podium addressing military men a man from a foreign country giving a speech behind a podium .
the soldiers greeted each other . it was a way to recognize all of the soldiers from both countries . the host discussed how the worked together to solve the problem . the men were honored . then they brought in the students that were rescued .
men in green uniforms greeting each other outdoors . a man wearing a suit shaking hands with a man wearing a uniform . a group of men wearing military uniforms forming a line man on little blue stage behind podium addressing crowd in a full gymnasium man in a formal suit and tie address 's an audience from behind a podium next to two national flags .
friends can be friends no matter where you go . these men are showing their respect . plans are being made for the day . men respectfully listening to the man speaking to them . a very important message is being delivered .
men in military uniforms are standing and shaking hands . soldiers are shaking hands with other men outside a group of men in military uniforms standing in front of a group of men in business suits . soldiers gather in a hall to hear what the guest speaker has to say . a man in a suit stands at a podium in [location]
the racers are coming up . everyone is trying very had to win the race . these two are on the same team . they both seem very determined . this man is about to win !
three cyclist ride bicycles on a country road three men biking in nature setting , the lead is wearing green . a group of men are riding bicycles down the road . the three bikers were dress alike as they bike along the way . a man on a bike speeds through a trail .
two groups are competing in a cycle marathon . up front in the guy wearing green . close behind is the team wearing blue . determined to win , they work together to pass the other cyclists . behind the blue team is the lone man in white . do n't give up !
three men on bikes race through a wooded trail followed by more behind . multiple bicycle riders in a row wearing helmets and uniform . several men from the same bicycling team are wearing blue helmets and riding slightly ahead of the man riding with a red helmet . several people are on a bike ride together , all wearing the same uniform . the man on the bike is wearing a helmet .
a group of bikers enjoy a ride on the road . they are having a great time seeing scenery and getting exercise . they are properly wearing helmets as well as bike riding outfits . even though the ride is hard it is very enjoyable . there is a straggler bringing up the rear but he is enjoying himself as well .
group of bicyclists riding down the road together an adult man wearing a green shirt rides his bike small group of cyclists riding down the road a group of people in blue riding on some bikes a man with sunglasses that is riding a bike .
we began the day with seeing how lovely the sunrise was . we went to the fair and saw a gorgeous lion . then at midday , we saw a pretty rainbow . the sunset was especially beautiful and orange . we ended the night with a ride on the ferris wheel .
a pond at sunset with orange clouds and 3 flags . love the view of the sun behind the clouds over the ocean . a lighted ferris wheel is pictured at night . a blue flag warns of a jellyfish hazard in the water . a beautiful white tiger laid in some hay
beautiful night to go the boardwalk . the setting sun over the ocean was obstructed by clouds . it 'll be dark soon anyway . i love the boardwalk at night because the of the ferris wheel lights . arrived at the beach the next morning and decided not to swim -jellyfish warning . there is now an animal exhibit on the boardwalk . i do n't think tigers like being near the water .
orange clouds and blue skies are over a small lake . a view of the sun that is shining in the clouds . the ferris wheel is lit up against the dark night sky . a sign warning people to look out for these in the water . a siberian white tiger laying on the ground
red sky at night sailors delight . it was a beautiful morning . it was a great night for a organization wheel ride . be careful near the water . the tiger cooled off in the water .
the sun is setting over a rippling lake that has a fountain in the middle . the sun is setting behind clouds over the ocean . the merry go round pictures are always hard to take please be cautious , there are hazardous aquatic animals around . the white tiger is lying down next to a pile of hay
today is this little boy 's second birthday . he 's very excited about his birthday cake and ca n't wait to eat some . his mom also made a lot of other delicious snacks . after the party is over , the boy is very happy about how it went . the birthday boy had a long day and decides to take a little nap in his sister 's bed after his party is over .
a little boy laying down in a bed little boy on his bed wearing a red long sleeve the little girl is enjoying the juice in the cup . the little boy is sitting in front of a birthday cake . a birthday cake with a number two candle on top .
he loved her new bed so much he jumped right in . he did not want to get out . she was a good big sister and let him play . later that day we enjoyed his birthday cake . the cake came out great .
little boy in red sleeping in a child 's bed the little boy is on his hands and knees on the bed . girl drinking from green cup in kitchen in house little boy smiling as he is presented with a cake . a birthday cake that is celebrating a kid 's 2nd birthday .
today was [male] 's birthday but he had completely forgotten . we decided to wake him up so we could begin his special day . i decided to check with [female] before [male] got around to the kitchen to make sure everything is ready . he was so happy the moment he saw the cake , that he could n't wait to blow out the candles . once he finished blowing out the candles we sent him outside to play with his friends in the bouncing castle we rented .
spending the night in her new [female] bed is a grand adventure . a little boy sitting on a toddler bed that is pink . a small girl in a pink shirt and ponytails drinking milk in a green cup . the child is ready to blow out his birthday candles a little boy sits at a table behind a cake with a candle number two sticking out of it .
the author was so excited to be honored that evening . there were people everywhere talking about his new book . there were even projections of one of his covers . his honoring was a small ceremony . however , everyone had a lot of fun .
the man in the restaurant holds a picture . the man was very determined to get his point across without looking weak . a sign that says `` wait wait do n't tell me ! '' a group of people are standing in a church a group of people pose for the camera as one man holds an award .
if you work in radio and do a good job , you 've probably been invited to our awards night . there are some real legends that show up every year . i loved meeting the cast of `` wait , wait , do n't tell me ! '' what a thrill ! there 's a lot of meeting and greeting time too -- -it 's a good networking opportunity . the coveted golden radio award is always the highlight of the night .
a business man displaying a peabody awards flyer . a couple of men are talking at a table together a blue word bubble with white letters on a white background . people fellowshipping at an religious event or church seven people posing for a picture displaying an award .
[male] wanted to show off his drawing . a business meeting occurred between two gentlemen . the guests watched a presentation . a short award ceremony began after the presentation . five people won awards that night and everyone was happy .
a gleeful man holding up a black and white drawing . two men at a table in a room full of people at a conference . a silhouette , of a head , with a blue idea image , coming off his head and appearing on a screen . people waiting in line who are wearing formal attire a group of people that are standing next to each other .
smith family loves the sea and beaches . [female] , their youngest daughter loves playing on the beach . the family recently visited a country fair . the whole family enjoyed the marry go round ride . their two daughters [female] and [female] were very excited on a boat ride .
a woman and child are walking on the beach . she sat in the sand and played for so long adult with young children riding horses on carousel . a family with two little girls are on the merry go round . two small girls in pink sitting in a blue boat ride .
we took a trip to the beach ! here 's our little sister getting a good dig in . here 's the view of the hotel and local carnival . we hit the water , reluctantly , the water was cool , so we did n't get too much swimming in . we were n't the only ones to hit the beach , but i think the crawling through the sand was dramatic , unless it was for pretend . we hit the carnival for a while too and enjoyed the carousel !
a family plays at the beach shore . a little girl is laying in the sand playing a woman and two children are enjoying the ride . the family is riding together on the merry go round . two young girls play in a boat ride at an amusement park
we started our day off at the beach.we wanted to let the kids run and play and have a good time . [female] was dead set on digging the largest hole she could ever make . mommy and the girls on the carousel ride.there were so many ride , but they loved this the best . daddy why are n't you in the picture ? well i had to kindly ask another person next to me to take the picture . when they saw this boat ride , i never thought i was going to get them out of it.ca n't wait till it warms up so they can play in the water back at the beach .
two people are standing in the waves at the beach a baby in a pink jacket in the sand near a stroller . the mom is taking her kids for a ride on the carousel . two young girls on carousel horses with their parents watching them . two little girls in pink jackets riding in a blue boat on a carnival ride
we took our annual trip to the lake this week . the white sand and crystal clear blue water was beautiful . the water temperature was perfect when we swam . we also love the wildlife there . at the end of the of the day we had a wonderful time around the camp fire .
several people are gathered around a jeep on a beech . a man is standing with his back to the water . family lounges in the clear waters at the beach . two pelicans are shown on the beach on a nice day . a group of men and women sitting around a fire on the beach
the gang is all here for a day at the beach . the water feels warm and looks calm . i won this swimming contest . not even a real challenge . we went and fed the local ducks . everyone decided to end the night with a bonfire and a little junk talking .
a group of people on the beach have their white recreational vehicle loaded . a man walks out of the water onto a beach while shielding his eyes . a man and a woman swimming in a lake two pelicans standing by each other on a sandy beach . group of people gathered around small campfire in outdoor open space at night .
my friends and i went for a day trip to the beach . the water was clear and beautiful . my friends and i loved playing in the water . the birds were very friendly , looking for food . we had a goodbye bonfire before we went home .
a group of beachgoers in front of some vehicles . person on white sandy beach with clear blue water a man and woman laying in the water for a picture . two birds that are walking on the beach . a group of friends in front of a campfire
it was very crowded on the boat , but food always puts people at ease . there was plenty of opportunity to talk with the other passengers . it looks like he needs a refill , where is a waiter when you need him ? the deck of the boat makes for a great spot to take family pictures . here is a view of the boat from the outside , very nice !
people standing together in a room near a table full of food . several elderly people bustle through a crowded room . man , woman and young girl standing together beside gold wall hanging several older women are gathered in a reception area . a row of ships tied to the docks in a port .
we met on deck for a lovely brunch . many of my business partners were there discussing golf . we took several pictures in celebration . my two mentors were there and happy . the boat had never left the dock !
a bunch of people are at a party together the people are all busy talking to each other . an man , woman , and child are posing for a camera out of view with a gold metal ship hanging on the wall in the background . women standing and smiling together inside a restaurant . ships are docked at the harbor during sunset
we were thrilled to see everyone board the boat at the same time . it was storytelling at sea that wonderful afternoon . our youngest guest said it was her first time aboard any kind of boat . we rekindled old friendships on that beautiful vessel . it was our first time on a yacht so we did n't know what to expect .
a bunch of people are talking and socializing in front of a food table . the crowd gathered together as they enjoyed each other 's company three people pose by a wall with a bronze ship placard . the older lady is ressedin a white sweater a big white boat on the dock in the morning
friends out for a great evening . funny faces for the camera make the memories last a lifetime . beautiful smiles with some beautiful friends . someone has cake or murder on her brain , you decide . no one has ever said too much cake is a bad thing .
a woman turned to the left standing a smiling , with a picture of a boy on her shirt . two friends posing for a picture having fun . three young women looking intense while posing together . two men in white t-shirts that are shaking hands . the happy couple has pictures on their shirts .
i arrived to the party not knowing what to expect . my friends were there to keep me company . we partied all through the night . we also met some new people . they were all so nice to us .
a blonde woman smiles while wearing a shirt with a picture on it . two women embracing each other and posing for a picture . three friends making funny faces at the camera two young men that are engaging bump with each other both couple is wearing the same shirt
celebrating with all of our friends . her best friend even came . this is the crew right here . everyone was in great spirits . the happy couple enjoying their engagement .
the lady is smiling as she cocentrates on one thing two ladies pose together one lady has her arm around the other three cute girls are posing while eating dinner . two guys that are shaking hands and smiling a couple giving tribute to two small children .
two cars drove around the track . the red car was in the lead . an older car was also on the track but farther behind . later on another red car took to the track . which was followed by a silver car . after the cars were done a lone motorcyclist got a chance .
a black car and a red car on a roadway a blue car sitting on a race track with red and white lines on it . a red car moves along a possible racetrack . a silver sports car driving on a race track a person is riding their bike down a lonely highway .
the famous race track always has visiting drivers attempting to race each other . some drivers just like going around the track . other drivers attempt to drive the track going the wrong way . one after another , drivers go around the race track , pretending to live out their long held dreams . i suppose there is nothing wrong with motorcyclists racing too .
two porsches drive down a race track in a line . small blue car driving around a marked course outdoors . a red sports car on an asphalt road with white and yellow letters a silver sports car races down a track covered in writing . a person is driving down a race course on a motorcycle .
the local racetrack let people drive their cars on the track for a small fee . this guy was pretty funny in his little old boxy car . this little red car just poked around while blasting his stereo at full volume . the driver of this little silver car wowed everyone , sliding through all of the turns and even doing a controlled 360 . then there 's always that one guy . . .
cars that are in a race going on a track . a blue car on a race track going sideways a red car is on a race track a sports car driving down a race track a man is riding a motorcycle outside on a track .
the pool party started out early , everyone loved getting together . the kids and adults alike , loved the homemade food . group pictures were the adult 's favorite part of the party . the pool was the kids favorite part though . in either sense , every one loved getting together and seeing the family .
young couple enjoying the casual outdoor daytime scene . a group of items that are on the white table . family and friends having a barbecue party outside . a group of people stand and smile inside a fenced area . a young boy is shooting a water gun in a pool .
the family got together for a family get together . the food was very delicious . after eating the family got together for a family photo . after the picture they got into the pool and the kids swam around for a bit . after swimming they got out and changed into new clothes for a new picture .
a couple smiling with their arms around each other . a buffet is set with pink and white decorations for a wedding shower . the little girl is standing in front of the table with the food . seven people who are dressed in summer clothes and smiling for the camera . a variety of people lounging around a pool .
[male] and [female] had a wonderful casual wedding reception at [male] 's grandparents ' house . they used these cute paper plates , napkins , and plastic flatware to keep the cleanup work to a minimum . yummy casseroles pleased guests of all ages ! all the cousins had flown in for the wedding , and it was great to get together . later in the afternoon , the kids played in the pool while the grownups relaxed . what a fun party !
a man and woman embracing each other and standing outside . catering trays full of food and some disposable plates and utensils await patrons . a young girl dishing herself food from a buffet . seven people gather for a picture in front of a row of trees . a little boy is in the big blue pool with people on the cement .
the little boy shows his sisters how to do a cannon ball . she looks on excitedly . she tells her grand-pa that she wants to jump from the diving board too . dad says that she and her sister need to practice swimming before they can jump into the deep end . she really enjoyed her day in the pool , swimming with her family .
a small kid is jumping in to the pool a small young girl in an inflatable pool toy . a little girl in a floatie swims towards her dad in the jacuzzi . a man holds a little girl in a pool . a young girl is smiling at the camera while wearing a patriotic shirt .
it 's a fun time for this young boy as he leaps off the diving board into the backyard swimming pool ! a young girl holds on to her float as she hangs out in the whirlpool with her grandfather . dad is shown with his daughters in the whirlpool as he helps one put on her arm flotation devices . two young kids gaze at each other across the bubbling water in a whirlpool . grandma is all grins as she holds her granddaughter after a day of swimming .
a young boy jumps off a diving board into a pool . the little girl is floating in the pool . a little girl is floating in a orange tub near an old man in some water . daddy had to take his child in the pool for a lesson . a little girl with red white and blue one
the kids spent the day at grandpa 's pool . it was [female] 's first time in the water . she sat with grandpa in the hot tub . i also swam with her . she wanted to wear her red white and blue shirt later .
a young boy jumps from a diving board into a pool . a small girl with an orange floater in a swimming pool a child in a floating toy with a man in a whirlpool tub . a bearded man in a pool holds a little girl wearing waders . a smiling young girl in a dress designed from the [location] [location] flag .
wow , what a great place he told them . casino ' . live entertainment . excellent libraries . and exotic foods .
a shot of the entrance of a castle as a news caste the weather as you can see is a little windy a large building towers over the photographer on a cloudless day . a lit up casino on the strip . a neon lit sign lights up a tourist area .
the building was dirty but the guy took a photo near it . the hotel was large and had a casino that had pretty lights .
a group of people standing inside and out of the building . a man that is smiling in front of the town homes . a big building that has many windows on it . a nighttime image of to neon light sign for the `` casino lisboa . '' this view of the [location] casino is a great addition to the [location] [location]
it is great to take a vacation to location ! casino lisboa is really great if you do n't mind losing a little money . lots of tourists love come to see this pool . the lights look great . this is one of the best bakeries in location . three slices of cheese cake . better have a strong stomach if you plan on eating all of it .
a man in a red jacket looks behind before he goes in the building . man poses for photo from area overlooking city buildings . office building with crown decoration on the top of the structure . lights from a casino taken from across the street hotel and buildings are lit up at night with neon
my town celebrates earth day every first of [female] . the first of [female] used to be called [female] day and celebrated the spring time and the arrival of [female] . our town just bought this truck for carrying recyclables to the processing center . the young people really enjoyed the songs about saving the location and recycling . most of the songs did not rhyme , but everyone was very enthusiastic .
a parade with people holding up a sign for a person running for congressman . the stagecoach is red and is pulled by 4 horses a parade is outside of a brick building where everyone wears red . a large black truck has a banner on the front that reads & # 39 ; irondukes. & # 39 ; some people are sitting on the sidewalk while others appear to be walking besides and behind he truck . a man with a group of young adults are performing in a percussion line .
the people waited expectantly for the parade to begin . finally the first group was seen down the street . there was a stagecoach with yellow wheels and pulled by 4 horses the high school marching band came next playing [male] [male] . next was a huge black truck . last was a student steel drum band .
onlookers watch as a memorial day parade marches by . this image is of a couple driving a horse carriage . a marching band from a high school , all wearing red people are in the street holding a sign telling others to save a date a couple people playing some instruments in front of a crowd .
the event was about to begin . a horse-drawn carriage came by first . then the band appeared . there was a truck that drove by . the band played on .
a group is marching down the street in a parade . mean leading 4 horse pulling cartage for crowd the school band is practicing marching and playing at the same time a black truck leads a group of people down a street in a parade . an american flag sticker is placed on the steel drums .
we 're having funny looking goofy today . check out this ridiculous growth coming out from the back of my head . cool shades and feeling raunchy . we 're in this thing together as they say . i am stretched both literally and figuratively . yo !
three people wearing sunglasses are posing at a party . two people are wearing sunglasses and a other person is wearing chicken mask . a couple wearing shades with a serious face , looking into the camera . a man wearing glasses is giving someone a record a woman touches a man 's face who is wearing yellow sunglasses .
we had a fun organization organization . [female] made cool sunglass bunny ears for us . there was a lot of dancing throughout the day . they are such a cute couple ! [male] decided to read by himself . we finally got his attention ! lenna is trying to console lenny after she fake punched him and actually landed a punch .
a man and two women wear yellow sunglasses with bunny ears attached . group of people playing with costume items in a small room . a man and woman are wearing bunny ear sunglasses . a smiling young man is sitting on a couch and accepting a vinyl album . the woman grabs the man 's face to inspect his teeth .
these group of friends had a costume party . they danced the night away . they took pictures of themselves . their friend played great music for them . they all had a great time .
three people are wearing yellow sunglasses with ears attached to them . three friends pose for a picture with sunglasses and a chicken mask . two people wearing silly glasses pose for a photo . a man in glasses sitting on a brown couch being given a black vinyl record . a man has yellow sunglasses with a women touching him .
starting a project on the wall of a building . step one laying down the stones . step two choosing a pattern . final step of the project , letting it dry . the facade is all done .
building seen from empty parking lot on sunny day . a series of stone markers emanates from the center . pieces of linear stone are laid out in gravel in an artistic manner . a close up of a bunch of different tiles a building next to a parking lot has unique stone siding .
an artist bought a building to turn into his gallery . he first made a design on the wall , resembling a firework at first . each day he added more and more pieces filling out the wall . finally one day the while wall was full of the design . when it was finished , he showed off his artwork to the public .
the parking lot of a building is empty a creative display of sticks is set out on concrete . a sculpture of metal upon stone gives the impression of the shining sun or , perhaps , a clock . a rock formation produces a colorful circular design . the spiraling pattern on the exterior wall is made out of stone
on the side of this building they are planning on building a beautiful mural design . they have begun to put the mural together . with each passing day , more and more work is done on it . all the pieces for the mural are finally glued together . the finished picture looks great on the side of the building .
a closed up concrete facilities has storage sheds at the side . an arrangment of stones in the ground radiate stone gravel with pieces of wood placed in a design pattern . a group of brick and stone pieces formed into a circle design . the side of a building is made of unique stone patterns .
it was time for a little bike riding first it was one on one then it become two on two it was a great time at the race they enjoyed dinner afterwards
people standing on a street , two are holding things in their hands . two bicyclists are riding down a road behind each other a group of friends enjoys a bike ride . a couple of men in helmets are grinning and talking people standing next to a pile of bicycles on a bench .
when i got to the race everyone was already there . some people had very unique bikes . i brought a normal one . everyone was determined to win . i came in first place !
one person is writing out a list while another person is looking at cards . a couple of people are racing on bikes two bikes carrying two people each are riding down the road . two men , one in a bicycle helmet and the other in a long sleeved red shirt the bikers have their bikes parked on the side of the building .
as the friends were getting ready for the bike race , they received all their passes to participate . it was a beautiful day for a race and in the lead were two competitors who were also the best of friends . when the 3 mile mark was reached the racers were starting to feel the burn but continued on in good spirits . the end of the race and the two friends were ahead of the rest . an end to a great day and all the bicyclists went to the local restaurant to kick back and relax .
two people with papers in their hands near a red bike . two men ride bikes down a road though a wide open grassy area . the men are riding two each on a bike . athlete is shaking hands with a well dressed fan . a group of adult cyclists stand near a pile of pikes .
the family all went to this shop called location sweetness . we wandered on to this aisle and did n't really like anything except the pandas . that 's mom 's favorite animal ! then we came down to this aisle , `` aisle 3 '' , and i still enjoyed the panda aisle the most . i think that this aisle is mostly games , and my brother at home would like this ! he plays on games all day ! this aisle was the same ! bummer ! we should 've brought my brother . maybe next time !
many boxes of dolls are lining three shelves . colorful plush toys are lined up on the shelves at this store . a rack in a department store bedecked with dozens of creepy dolls . a well stocked shelf displays products in an asian store . a shelf with lot of books and toys
the whole family went shopping we saw lots of dolls . they had a bunch of stuffed animals . there were cool dolls and guys . a bunch of different collectibles to choose from . they had movies and books too .
the wall of dolls located inside a shopping center . a store display is filled with plush toys . rows of stuffed toys on rack displays in a store . the picture is of an aisle of food in the store a rack of boxes with various animated characters .
the game store sells all kinds of comics . they even have stuffed characters . some of the characters were in the form of collectible dolls . and some were collectible figurines . the store had all types of special character items .
a collection of dolls still in their original boxes . store shelves full of colorful and different stuffed animals . different dolls are hanging on a display in a store the colorful items on the white shelves were very tempting . the action figure section inside of a shopping center .
registration for the race was finished . the racers jumped in the water . they emerged on the other shore . next , they grabbed their bikes and pedaled for miles . at the next point the ran the rest of the way to the finish .
the people are swimming in the water with swim caps . the swimmers are using the dinghies for guidance . elderly rider leads pack of cyclist in outdoor event . a bald runner wearing a marathon tag and assorted running gear a man runs and carries an american flag .
iron man and like competitions have become more and more popular every year and it seems that the ones i have watched usually start early with the swimming part going first . these cross training style events can only be won or even finished by the some of the best athletes in the world . the second leg of the these events usually is the biking part which really puts a lot of these contestants to the test . each competitor is given a number like we see here worn in his shorts area and it appears that many of the more well know competitors have sponsors . only a world class athlete can win one of these races and even finishing one is a huge feat to be proud of and while this man may not be running right now , he is still not too tired to hold up the stars and stripes to show his patriotism .
large group of bathers begin their lengthy swim . the arms of many swimmers among bouys in the water several people ride bikes down a road while wearing helmets . a bald man in a green outfit is running . a competitive male runner carrying the american flag on a pole
my friends and i participated in decathlon . the first round consisted of us swimming across the lake . then we had to bike 5 miles . after biking , we had to run towards the finish line . i finally passed the finish line and carried my flag with a sense of pride .
a crowd of swimmers wearing mostly green caps are shown prepping for a race . a group of water with dozens of capped swimmers . a guy on a bike ahead of more people bicycling an athletic bald man running in a race a runner is holding an american flag and has a white hat .
historic homes are plentiful in my home town . the columns on this porch are expressive . the large tree in the yard is a perfect accent to the brick sided home . plain , but full of heritage describes this late 1800 's residence . what an entryway . lets give it a little make over to make it pop .
a lovely large home with a fence decorated with greenery . a man with white hair sitting on a sidewalk bench reading . a man is reading on the bench underneath the tree . the historicaly preserved colonial house of [male] deane . there is a white building with red door .
how could anyone have believed that witches once lived here ? an old man told them some people there still believed in witches . he was quite the character . it was alleged that two witches had lived in this old house . this old house supposedly was home to an adulteress , who they believed was a witch .
the huge red house is decorated for the holidays . a man sits on a bench next to some trees with colorful leaves . a tree with fall leaves and a bench this image is of a historical house sitting in front of a sidewalk . red double doors on building with stoop and american flag .
the tour of the historic village started with a look at a large , perfectly restored salt-box house . the next home had a lovely tree and bench to rest outside . one person could n't resist lingering in the nice space . the steel gray blue home of [male] deane was also on the tour . my favorite detail from the tour were beautifully crafted doors that looked almost like a valentine .
the house was red and full of color on this winter day a man is sitting under a tree on a bench a tree with brown leaves is in front of a red brick building the two story house made a nice bed and breakfast for the visitor . the quaint store has brightly painted doors at the top of its entrance stairs and proudly flies the american flag .
last sunday we were in town trying to find some breakfast . we eventually found a place that had just opened up for the day . there were already a few customers inside . afterward my family and i went to church . we like going to church .
people make their way in and out of a venue during daytime . a dimly lit indoor venue houses a projection screen and a small band is onstage . a woman carries a small child past a cafeteria line . the church steeple of white looks very tall against the deep blue sky . a sign for a community church with hours .
sunday our family went to church . my younger sister and i went to the youth group service . and our parents went to the regular service . afterward the pastor met the different people that attended church . he 's very nice and talks to everyone who wants to talk to him . sometimes he prays for them . this is one of the crosses located on the inside . it 's my favorite .
people are seen entering and leaving a building called the warehouse . tables and chairs around a stage where a band is playing a woman carries a child through an eating area inside . multilevel building with steeple on top of it a sign on the side of the building lists the church name and service hours .
my friend and i were going to a small gathering together , we decided to meet at the warehouse . as we walked in to the event , you can see small band and performing on stage . guests were welcome to have some refreshment at the snack bar . the event was hosted inside this white tall building . the name of the building is the `` little church '' .
people walking to the door of a building called 'the warehouse . ' a band is practicing on stage before their fans arrive . people are in a room that sells food and coca cola products . how it looks as if it u were looking up at the tip of an old church a blue sign for a church announcing sunday service times on the side of a building .
the christmas celebration near my home was magical . there were so many lights to behold . i could not stop snapping pictures . a closeup reveals the word noel with candies all around . i will definitely do this again next year .
every light you could think of was in the yard covering the house a group of ornaments that are decorated in the yard . a group of decorations that are in front of the building . small bright lights in colorful display for holidays . christmas parades are always spectacular and the one before the crowd was certainly no different .
their neighborhood had a house that loved to decorate for christmas . this year the owners decided to enter a contest . the contest had a grand prize for the best decorated house . they went all out and decorated everything they could see . the house ended up winning because of every little detail that was put into it .
a bright and dazzling christmas display on a house the house has a ton of christmas lights and decorations . a house with a lot of christmas lights and decorations makes a loud statement . a festive display of lights celebrates the holiday season . beautiful night time colorful christmas decorations and lights
we decorated our house for christmas the other day . we went all out this year and will be the most festive house in the neighborhood . the decorations went all around the house and all through the yard . the noel sign was the newest decoration we had . at night with all of the lights lit up it was a merry sight .
a house with an excessive amount of christmas decorations . house with many different lights all in front lit . the house is covered in lighted christmas decorations a christmas display with lights and the word noel . lots of colorful christmas decorations with [female] canes wrapped in a yellow bow up front .
the scenery surrounding the area is beautiful . here is an amazing example of ancient ruins . look at all of those stones . it is incredible how all of this has been recovered . even the cats like to hang out here too . there are lots of lovely things for sale in the nearby shops . this store sells mainly rugs .
a shot of forestry , trees , and hills in the background an image of a brick building and brick walkway people exploring the steps of an ancient stone ruin a gray and white kitting peers at the camera from very high ledge . a man is laying out carpets on a wooden table
the trees and nature were vast . there were marvelous stone buildings . the stairs were very easy to climb but there were a lot of them . we found this cat along the route to the market . we were able to find nice fabric and rugs at the shop .
a landscape of rolling hills is dotted with cypress and various other trees . the building is made from bricks stacked together . a old rock formation is displayed up close . a cat sitting on a wall with mountains in the background . a man is looking at different rugs to pick a pattern .
on our vacation we got to see many large bodies of water . the brick structure was massive and torn down . this part of the brick structure was still up and could be accessed . we got to see the remains of an old arena . our cat was amused by the entire trip and really enjoyed it .
wow there is a tree blocking the view ... great shot there photo douche . a small stone building with a stone trail leading to it . abandoned ruins are surrounded by rocks and occasional plants . a cat that is sitting on top of the structure . the man is looking down at the rugs .
from a distance the city looked large . it was situated on the sea . surprisingly , there were many buildings in ruin . they were considered historical sites so nobody dared tear them down . even the newer houses that had been built had an ancient feel to them .
a cliff overlooks a town of tight buildings beneath a cloudy sky . a beautiful view of the ocean on a windy day the large grey stone building is in ruins columns of ancient ruins on a hill overlooking buildings . a old building with palm trees and a rock wall
the tour of the location island stared at the outskirts of the city . the first stop was an old sea fort . much of the original structure was still intact . ancient [male] columns still stood even after centuries of existence . the tour concluded with a visit to a modern villa .
a small city can be seen in the distance on a clear day the ruins of a brick building near the sea shore . a large stone structure that is falling apart . stone columns stand on a cliff as the remnants of an old building . a house is at the top of a hill with many rocks near the ocean
this is a very old ancient city , with what they call ruins everywhere . i would have loved to have seen when it was all built up . tourists come from miles around to see these old rare structures . these columns were built so long ago , its a wonder that they are still standing . i wonder who lived here and what they did for a living .
partially excavated ruins beside a foreign looking city people standing on the ruined remains of an ancient building the partially standing brick wall is out in the open surrounded by shrubs . seven pillars standing in a row , part of a broken building . the house has a waterfront view and is surrounded by rock walls .
they were building a small house out in the country it took big trucks to get the job down and lots of long hours of work they played around a little and took pictures together
a small brown house has a brown patio on it a yellow truck sits parked with 2 occupants with various grasses and flora in the foreground . a large man with curly hair is driving a vehicle . a young man rides a yellow truck down a dirt road . a woman taking a picture of her and 2 others .
what a sweet old truck . jethro loves driving his old organization . she runs like a kitten still , even down these old dirt roads . me and jethro posing for a break . wow , what house that is .
two women prepare a meal outside of a small house . a yellow truck that is driving beside a field of flowers a man is shifting gears in his vehicle . the man is standing on the side of the truck . a woman takes a selfie of herself and another man and woman .
today we got a call from uncle [male] . his truck had stopped working and he needed some help . when we drove over , we found trying to get the truck working . after jump-starting the truck , it worked ! we had a nice leisure ride in it before returning home .
a used house that is selling goods at the front . a yellow truck is driving through the field . an obese man operating a lever inside the cab of a large truck . man reaching into back of yellow work pick up truck . a girl is attempting to take a selfie with 2 people next to her in a car .
there was a group of friends who decided to go on a trip together . they flew over seas to on a journey of a lifetime . they spent their days on the beach enjoying the sun and the water . soon the days turned to nights and passed by until it was almost the last day . and the friends sat and watched the sun set on their tropical island adventure .
two young college guys talking and a young girl reading a magazine at a car rental booth a passenger jet takes off over a busy highway . a man is standing in the water around sunset . massive bonfire being build on large beach landscape with cliffs in the background . a red bus is parked on the side of the street at night
planning to take a trip , trying to figure out just where to go . decided to take a road trip up the coast to the water . once there , i was so glad that was what was decided the sunrise was gorgeous . the formation of the rocks look very interesting in their shape . nextime i will travel by bus , this one looks very comfortable .
a few people are standing near a car rental place . the airplane is flying high in the air he stood out in the water as the waves gently rushed over his feet . a triangular structure has been built out of driftwood on the beach a double decker bus passes by a parking garage .
in the living room , we read and talked about life . we traveled to the airport to scout planes for a bit . when that was boring , we traveled to the beach to have fun . my friends made a wooden home and we snapped photos of the creation . we took the bus back to the hotel when we were done .
a group of people standing around in a circle socializing . a passenger plane taking off from a major airport . a person dipping their feet into the shore of the ocean . pile of sticks in the middle of a sandy area . a red trolley car driving in the night .
the variety of easter cards are great ! religious easter cards are inspirational ! the adorable yellow duckling put a smile on your face ! of course a bunny with a duck is a very traditional card , but still adorable ! two little girls playing with the ducklings , so cute ! lilies are associated with easter , and of course yellow ducks !
the front of a greeting card bears an angel in a dress . an easter greeting card is decorated with the image of hatching chicks . a decorative image shows a rabbit , a duckling , and an easter egg . an older easter card showing two girls with young chicks . a card of baby chickens and babies breath that says easter happiness .
we are auctioning these beautiful artworks . check out this one . it just got sold . this one only has one bid so far . this one is my favorite . i already bid on it . this one sucks ass . no bidders .
rectangle picture with oval middle and a woman with wings . this painting says , `` a joyful easter , '' and in it are four chicks that have just hatched and two are in an overturned easter basket . a picture of a bunny and a yellow and brown bird . a drawing of two small children playing with baby chickens that says easter greetings . an old fashioned easter card to send to friends .
there was an easter painting of an angel . they had some cute chick paintings . the bunny was done very well . the little girls were cute . i liked the easter pictures .
a painting of a religious woman on a card a group of chicks are the centerpiece of this ad for easter the easter art featured flowers by a broken egg with a chick and a rabbit . an old easter greetings card with drawn images of two girls . an old easter postcard with lilly of the valley and chicks .
we came across this tower in the countryside . i wonder what it is for . after that , we came across these rock formations . they went on for miles . we made messages in the sand .
dry land with a windmill and a few trees at the horizon an old fashioned windmill stands in front of two modern windmills . [male] terrain rises over a sandy desert in the middle of nowhere . large rocks in the desert on a sunny day . the people wrote in the sand at a beach
our home is in the wind-swept plains . in one direction is an old pump windmill with a modern wind farm in the distance . in another is rocks carved by the wind . anyone familiar with wind erosion can tell you the wind has been carving the stone here longer than man . not that man has n't managed to a do a bit of carving themselves .
a windmill is seen out on a wide open field . a windmill that is on the middle of a farm a mountain that is standing near the fields . the rock formations are thicker in the front . a carving in the sand that says `` jim.w 10/29 '' .
during a trip out west we saw sprawling deserts . we also visited ancient dwellings from native americans . a weather vane and windmill had been standing for a century . the desert rocks were carved by sand and wind . we carved our initials into the sand along with the date .
windmill in the distance on a farm during a sunny day the old wind mill can still be seen in the field . brown rock structure in the middle of nowhere . a row of craggy looking hills are stretching out horizontally . the works `` jim.w '' written in sand along with a date .
when [male] and i got engaged , we threw a big party for our friends and family . everyone came , and there were lots of interesting conversations to be had ! i love how our friends love to talk . we signed the marriage licence and put on the special stickers in view of all our friends . i think my mother was the happiest one at the party ! she had been eager to me to get married .
a man and a woman pose together smiling . men having fun and discussing things at their event friends gather at the pub for some music and drinks . a person is writing a list of things to do . women having a conversation in an indoor bar .
they are meeting their friends after their high school reunion . they look at some old letters that they wrote to themselves several years ago . some kept their resolutions and others did n't . after that it is time to mix and mingle and meet up with buddies we have n't seen in a while . this guy is still the life of the party . it is funny how much we still have in common after so many years .
a couple poses at a dimly lit venue . a group of guys receiving instruction from one person group of 4 people sitting around a table and talking somebody writing some things on a piece of paper . a woman in a black shirt with a red necklace is talking to a blonde woman .
me and my wife went out on the town one night . we got to the bar and the waiter asked what we wanted . i met some friends while i was there and my wife let me drink with them ! when the check came , we split it and paid for it . do n't worry about my wife though , she saw some friends of her own and drank with them !
a couple pose for a picture at a party . the group of gentlemen and speaking to each other . the men are sitting together with a guitar and piano listening to music . a person making out a list of objects and activities on a piece of paper . two women talking animatedly together at a restaurant .
for [male] 's thirtieth birthday , his friends and family put on special show at a local venue . first , his older brother told some embarrassing stories about [male] as a kid . then his dad announced that it was time to sing happy birthday . everyone sang along . there were three birthday cakes , so everyone would have enough to eat !
a blurry picture of two men in a bar a man reading something and talking into a microphone . a man is performing on stage , while a cake is being brought out . 3 people on stage in front of the microphones . three birthday cakes were needed for the celebration .
we are wrapping up work on the documentary . finish line in sight . [male] is going over the final song that needs to be worked on . the guys are setting everything up . time to finish this . we got the group up to perform the song . sounds great . all done . time to bring out the cakes and celebrate the wrap up .
the two guys are inside a bar and the picture is a bit fuzzy . man wearing glasses standing by microphone in front of brick wall . a man in a red hat is speaking into a microphone three people on stage with microphones and an audience . two people holding an amazing three cakes with all their candles lit .
there was a large crowd in the bar . he was dressed in his finest for the night . he wanted pictures with all the guests . it seemed just more and more people kept coming . the night was a success and everyone was having fun .
the two friends are taking a picture at a bar . the man read off the winner of the raffle at the charity event . a man in a fedora style hat on stage in front of a microphone and another person is bringing a cake on the stage . a trio of musicians are singing & playing for an audience . a man in a red hat with a woman celebrating an event
it was the little girl 's birthday and she went to chuck.e . cheese 's to celebrate . the kids celebrated by having a pizza party . the girl got to hang out with her friends . they then brought out a nice yellow cake with a candle . the little girl finished up her birthday by blowing out the candle and eating some cake !
a person dressed as a mouse is hugging a little girl while three other girls wait around him . this is a child 's birthday party where they are sitting around a table . a couple of kids are playing at a table a girl in an ornate hat is sitting by her birthday cake . a five year old girl blowing out the candle on her birthday cake .
a girl goes to chucky cheese 's for her birthday party . many of the girl 's friends show up to her party and enjoy a nice meal . the birthday girl hugs one of her friends tightly after dinner . the birthday girl is very excited about her cake . before leaving , the birthday girl blows out her candle and prepares to eat her cake .
a person in a chuck e cheese costume is standing in front of children small girls sitting at a table with birthday decorations and pizza two kids playing with each other at a party . the little girl is celebrating her birthday at [male] e cheese . the kids are gathering around the cake at [male] e cheese .
for her birthday , we took her and her friends to [male] e. cheese . the staff there was great at managing the kids . they all had a great time playing . they even took care of getting the cake . when they bought it out the kids loved it !
little girls that are taking a picture girl with chucky cheese . a woman oversees a party of little girls eating pizza . two young girls playing and eating pizza at a party . one of them is wearing a crown ! a young girl wearing a blow up crown sitting in front of a birthday cake . the young girl looks on as the cake is presented to the 5 year old birthday girl .
i call this picture `` from the outside looking in '' because that is how i feel now after all has happened in my life . this is how things used to be when she was with me and every day was almost like christmas . we posed for many pictures and here is one where i was very happy sporting my used to be favorite hat . still another photo shows maybe what was really going on that i could not see because we are not really touching in this picture . one day all the lights went out in my life and i lost her and she never even say goodbye or why , leaving me to guess in retrospect for the rest of my life while i recover if possible .
a man and woman pose by a brick wall a man and woman wearing white pants posing in front of a tall monument . this happy couple poses in their engagement photos in front of a brick wall . a man and woman are holding each other smiling . tiny red flowers on a large green bush .
the couple was happy to go out and see the historic sites as well as the nature nearby . they enjoyed seeing the sites in town together and posed in front of a monument . later in the evening , the women was a bit tired while posing for a picture . she enjoyed her company with the man and was looking forward to the evening . the environment and lush landscapes were beautiful that day .
young couple posing in front of a brick wall and white arch . the man and woman are posing for a picture in front of the tower . a couple pose for a picture in front of a brick wall . the woman has her hand on the man 's chest . in the soon to be dark of night , the berries of a bush are lit up to show them off .
the husband is a band director who decided to take a vacation . the time of the vacation was during spring when the flowers on the trees were blooming . he and his wife are excited to get away and enjoy alone time . this vacation is just what they needed as u can see in their faces in this picture . this is the last evening of the vacation which turned out to be a great trip .
a man and woman with arms around each other posing in front of a brick wall . a man and woman having their picture taken by an old stone monolith a couple posing for the camera who looks in love . a man and a woman posing lovingly in front of a brick wall . a tree full of flowers and berries is against a clear blue sky .
me and my son decided to take a nice walk on the beach . we both were admiring the scenery . there were many people on the beach . afterwards , we started driving home . we made some nice curry stew to end the night .
the sun is setting orange on a beach with people on it a son and father stand on the beach and watch the sunset a beach with many people in the water , and on the sand . a hand and a dog appear on the side mirror of a vehicle a delicious casserole dish to fill the belly .
the family went to the beach to see the sunset . it was a beautiful day ! there were a lot of people sitting in the sand . our dog enjoyed the trip , too ! then we came home and had a delicious dinner !
people are watching a sunset at the beach . a man and young boy holding hands on the beach . people are sitting down on the sand on the beach . a car 's side mirror shows a small white dog hanging its head out of a window . a metal bowl with indian cuisine sits on a white plate .
a father and son go to the beach as the sun is setting . the beach is full of people even though the sun is going down . the son takes a picture of his dog with his cellphone . after they are done at the beach they go to a restaurant to eat . they both order a sweet potato soup that is very delicious .
people are a camel are near a drinking water station a dad holding hands with his son on a crowded beach at sunset . people are sitting and standing on the beach at sunset a mans hand and a dogs face in the passenger side mirror of a car a dish of curry is waiting to be served
the front of the car was completely damaged from the accident . the air bag deployed when the car crashed . the car had to be towed away because it was unable to be driven . the car got hit from the right side because that is where the most damage was . under the hood the damage was way more severe .
a blue suv is being repaired at a junkyard an airbag is hanging out of a steering wheel a grey sedan sitting on a towing trailer after being in an accident a wrecked car is on top of a wrecker . a look under a vehicles hood in a well lit area .
the accident was very bad . when i got the car back from the tow yard there was no way it would work again . i had to toss it . it was a good car . do n't drink and drive .
a truck with its front hood smashed is on a trailer . a car with the airbag deflated on the steering wheel . a car dented in the front end and other spots is sitting on a trailer . a car that 's badly destroyed on the back of a tow truck . the engine of the car is messed up and destroyed .
crashing into inanimate objects at high velocity had left the transformer worse for wear . its occupant had walked away unharmed , thanks to the airbag . now , stuck in the form of a organization organization , it waited on the trailer . in the background , a young station attentive tried to fire up the orange pump to bring it some oil to quench its thirst . with its hood propped open , the subaru dreamt of electric hybrids .
damaged front end of a vehicle on a flatbed trailer . an air bag has inflated in a crashed car a wrecked car being pulled on a trailer a totaled car is on the back of a tow truck a picture of a smashed car and broken parts .
there were a lot of people auditioning for the band . some people had some great talent . other 's were not so good . the auditions took all day . the judges looked very tired and disappointed at the end of the day .
the woman is practicing her musical routine in the auditorium . a couple of people up at mics talking . a guy standing by the wall playing his guitar . a woman is ready to speak into the mic . three elderly women sit in chairs in a small theater .
practice for our congregation . sing those hymns girl ! praising the lord ! glory be ! he 's the bassist i 've seen in a while . they sound magical together . even the elders have turned out to give a listen .
the lady ois dressed in black blouse and red skirt a man and woman are addressing a crowd with microphones a short haired man holding a black guitar in his hands . people in a choir putting on a show for people . three women are sitting in red chairs together .
tryouts were today for the church band . lots of people came to show their talents . both singers and musicians showed up they sang several songs for the judges . the judges had a touch time selecting the final band members .
a woman is singing into a microphone and playing piano a woman and man stand ready to sing the gospel at their church 's annual christmas service . the man is standing in front of the room getting ready to play his guitar . the church choir is singing during the holidays . three women are shown sitting on chairs and appear to be waiting for something .
we decided to make everything pretty today . everything had to sparkle and be really nice . i decorated all day really hard to make everything look so nice . i wanted more blue which was the theme . here i am getting ready for the store to open soon .
silk flower with ribbons wrapped around pieces of fabric . an asian woman with a blue head covering and blue top . a woman wearing a traditional headdress from the [location] [location] at get-together a woman wearing a blue dress with a bunch of blue decorations . a group of ornately costumed women sit on the floor .
many beautiful gifts were brought to the party . the lovely woman was happy to receive so many nice things . her family was supportive , as well . a small feast was held at the party . the family had a lovely night celebrating with the young lady .
a white-and-yellow fabric flower , part of a bow on a green folded cloth . a woman wearing a hijab is sitting behind a table full of goods . an asian woman wearing a blue chadoor sitting with a woman wearing a black chadoor the lady is sitting on the floor near all the food . women wearing colorful burkas and sitting on a blue and gold rug .
the gifts brought to her were exquisite . she enjoyed both the gifts and company . a few attended the small and private event . there was plenty of space for everything and everyone . they sat on the floor talking and laughing .
a corset is placed on top of a green fabric . a woman wearing a middle east style gallon in front of much three-quarter there is a women in blue looking at the camera . a group of people sit on lavish rugs near a beautifully laid out banquet . ladies in a foreign country that are sitting on the floor and talking
i spent the weekend at location location . there was a clock tower in the center of the square . i sat in the square and contemplated things around me . there was a carousel on the beach for the children to enjoy . the highlight was the ice cream parlor i wanted to enjoy .
a distant view of a theme part and a lot of people , two people that are close consist of a teenage boy and a woman . a tall structure that is in the middle of town . the man is sitting on a concrete half circle . a family waits for their turn on the merry go round . the [organization] [organization] [organization] has many small lights strung under the roof
we went to the beach ! there was so much to do . it was absolutely pristine . the hotel we stayed at was very fancy . the boardwalk was fun too !
a boy is approaching his mother whilst in an amusement park . a bell tower is in the center of the city . a nicely dressed man is sitting in the courtyard , thinking . woman sits on merry go round while couple with baby stroller argue in background . a woman is walking in front of the window of a place called brighton pier ice cream .
i used the walkway to find the nearest clock tower . when i arrived at one , i noted the time and place . i took a picture along this odd seat and then i headed for the fair . when i got to the fair , i rode the carousel twice . i went for ice cream to finish my day off .
a woman and her child walks through an amusement park a taller portion of a building is standing out the man wearing the tan jacket is sitting down on the sculpture children ride carousel with adults ignoring them below . a sign above an ice cream shop building .
i have a friend from college who has been and architect for over 25 years now and he used to show me pictures of old gothic cathedrals and i always thought that i would like to incorporate some of these features into my own home should i have the means one day . i also love the old clock spires of yesterday and i have often stared in wonder at how they managed to build them with out modern building techniques and equipment . even such things as indoor and outdoor lighting sconces and lantern holders are pieces of art to be admired today . the history of warfare and how they built walls and castles in the old days , to defend against their enemies , is a science still studied today in our modern day military schools like location location . brick was not just a vernier outside layer back in the old days because that was mostly all they had to fortify against cannon fire and even trebuchet attack and even this arch is an amazing feet for the time requiring great skill and knowledge gained from the past .
the top of the building is extremely ornate and historic . men sitting at the bar drinking beer the castle is flanked by a rounded turret on a lush green hillside . a sign in french from 1415 is entitled 'chevaliers . ' several boats sit in the water near a dock .
[male] decided to travel around location . along the way he found the great clock tower . he had the opportunity to climb it , and it was awesome . he also traveled out into the countryside and found some great abandoned structures .
an ornate tower hosts two clocks and many statues two men talking in a bar with a chalkboard to the left this is a countryside view of some historic looking buildings . a sign in french is giving name information in alphabetical order . private sail boats are parked in a pier
for our vacation in location we got to see many tall buildings . we stopped off an a local pub a few times and enjoyed a couple of beers . the country side was gorgeous with green grass and blue skies . the menu at the restaurant we went to was hard to understand . the next day we stopped by some boats and did some sailing .
a very big clock tower that is the town 's pride . the side view of two men at a bar . an image of a church that is far off in the distance a sign written in french contains much information . many boats at the marina on a summer day .
the annual mascaraed party has come back to the community center . there will be all kinds of interesting activities including arts and crafts . it 's always fun when the older kids participate as well . a nice dinner is served after the activities . then some wonderful instrument play for fun entertainment .
three young ladies wearing masks over their eyes . two grown woman are helping children with crafts . a woman is wearing a headband and standing . the people are gathered at round table enjoying a meal a young boy in an orange shirt is playing a drum .
location gras for local residents of my town.to encourage young and old alike to come together.proceeds went to the local senior center . we all had the option to wear masks and necklaces.i choose to as it gives especially the setting and mood i think . this was advertised on our school doors , but flyers were sent home with interested individuals . small potluck of different foods maybe experience at real mardi gras . everyone had a chance to learn a song and dance to the music.it is a lot harder then it looks playing an instrument .
three women are wearing masks on their faces two women and two children are doing crafts at a table . a girl looks to be working on an art project while others sit at tables in the distance . people sitting around a table at some event having a discussion . the little boy is playing on a drum .
this was a fun day called day of the kid . it was a day where the kid was the boss . here we designed fridge magnets . these kids minds are so free . here we designed a whole table town , the town had dishes too added in so they could eat and play , how novel . here we ate , what a wonderful table everyone thought . last but not least , this was a cute kid drummer and could he drum !
three women pose wearing bright masks over their eyes and colorful beads around their necks . a group of people that are crafting a project together . a young person working on some type of craft project . people sitting at the table eating and talking . a little boy is standing and playing on a bongo drum .
a young couple goes out with friends to celebrate his birthday pizza for dinner , and a naughty cake for dessert ! the couple drinks and enjoys the celebration going home happy
people are gathered around long tables at night the pizza is cut up into several slices . two ladies sitting at a table eating dessert . three men laughing with one cutting a birthday cake shaped like a woman 's bust a man and a woman that are smiling at the camera .
it was a great night to get out with friends . the food was amazing . the company was a lot of fun too . we laughed and told stories all night . it was a great time .
a group of people sitting at the table during the night time hours . a delicious large pizza with all slices intact . two young women sit and eat at a table . a group of young adults sitting at a table drinking beer , smoking cigarettes about to eat cake . a couple in their early 30s pose together for a picture .
everyone loved the restaurant location i picked out for the birthday dinner . we enjoyed their delicious pizzas so much . the dessert options were incredible and we all gobbled them down . the birthday cake came after we were done eating and they even had a lit candle on the cake . the birthday boy was very pleased with the dinner i put on in his honor .
humans sitting around candle lit tables , enjoying meals the pizza on the table has a lot of cheese on it . women are eating together at the dinner table . over a candle lit table a man is grinning over his birthday cake with some friends . a couple is smiling while looking at the camera and hugging .
the neighbors invited us out to brunch . we were delighted of course and accepted . the place they brought us to was hawaiian themed . we found out they practically invited the entire neighborhood ! it was fun though and we had plenty of laughs .
a man and woman seated at a restaurant with several wine glasses in front of them . a man has his arm around his blonde wife an image glowing in the dark and hanging on a wall two women wearing leis enjoy a few cocktails three women wearing leis posing together at a table .
the parents were stuck at a boring business conference . the tried to make the best of the event but joked that alcohol would make it better . friends and family members waited for them at a nearby bar . they were having a great time ! lots of new friends were made .
a woman and a man are seated at a table with many empty wine glasses . a man and woman are sitting in a booth at a restaurant . a blue neon symbol inside of a building . two women standing in a bar together indoors . partying like girls and enjoying the company of each other .
we got our parents to go out with us tonight . both sets of parents agreed , but they wanted to have dinner first . after that , we took them to our favorite pool hall . my friend 's mom really loosened up after a few drinks . it turned out to be a great night .
black man and white woman sitting next to each other at a table a man and woman sitting in a booth in a restaurant . a spooky face made out of blue neon lights . the woman in jeans is pointing out something to the woman in black . three girls at a table are having drinks .
the storefront had displays in a cube shelf with a bench along side it . as they walked up the stairs they could see banners outside the windows . once upstairs they were welcomed by a large informative poster . they were able to watch some of the artists at work . when they reached the top floor , they could look down on the patio where many of the artists would spend their breaks .
a shelving unit sits in front of the vast window . the staircase leading to the second story offers a view of the flags lots of colorful chairs sitting at wooden tables the kids had so much fun playing in the waiting room view of a roof top garden from a window above .
we went to an art and learning center . the building was wide on the inside and very decorated . the outside of the building was tall and wide . many people passed the building daily . the flags of several countries lined up along the side .
shelves are neatly arranged in front of the store window . a modern building with several countries flags are displayed . an office is decked out in colorful furniture and decorations behind a sign . a young child playing on a small wooden stage . this picture shows an atrium with many potted plants and trees in it .
we decided to go to the international building . there were plants inside the building . it really stands out in the skyline with it 's architecture . many people were out that day in this section of town . as we leave we can see the flags from all around the world .
a brown bench is setting beside a shelf consisting of 16 compartments each holding glassware or other art . a stair case at an airport has multiple flags displayed . a large empty room filled with tables and chairs . the child loves coming to the doctor 's office because of the playroom the top view of a patio taken from an upper window .
i went for a ride on my bike i rode 20 miles i found myself in the middle of nowhere there were ducks so that was cool i could n't get anyone to join me so i went alone
the highway is clearly marked as to where the cars should go . the rider is getting his bicycle out of the water while standing on the bridge . a man is eating at a picnic table . digital tool on a red bicycle measuring different things a man in a black helmet rides by the train tracks .
i took my bike downtown . it fell in the water during my lunch break . i continued eating lunch . the bike told me i needed to keep riding . i finished at least forty more miles after that .
multiple lanes stretch across the city highway as the lights change to green . the biker dude there was going to be problems with the water . a man with glasses dressed in yellow on a bench in a field eating a type of sandwich . a small machine for reading distance and time is stuck to a bicycle . the man is close to the train tracks .
[male] liked cycling . he goes on long bike rides . sometimes his bike rides are 50 miles . he keeps track of his milage using this device . [male] thinks cycling keeps him top physical and mental shape .
picture of a toll road with green arrows pointing out the proper lanes . the man is pushing the bike through the water a man in a yellow jacket sitting outside eating . digital readout of a piece of exercise equipment with dark background close up of man in glasses riding a bicycle
the family took a picture in the plaza parking lot it was getting darker outside they visited many big buildings downtown the kids played when the sun went down a beautiful flower was left in a vase
the small asian family walks across the road . futuristic looking building surrounded by green grass and landscaping . an image of people walking outdoors at night a structure that is used by the local children of the town . a young girl sitting on a blue slide .
here the family walks to the playground for outdoor fun . the building we stayed at was taller than we expected ! the happy relatives stroll through town with each other exploring . the playground was newly constructed and looked great . our little girl after coming down the slide .
a man and a woman walk in a parking lot with a child . a tall white skyscraper with interesting architectural accents . three p [ eople are walking on the street at night an empty playground at night with street lights in the background . a lovely little girl sitting at the bottom of a slide is wearing a tiara .
taking a walk with her grandfather and her grandmother . on their way to the park they saw a beautiful building . family picture with mom , dad , and son . finally made it to the playground . and she is finally happy and played a lot on the slides .
3 people walking outdoors , 2 adults , 1 small child modern building rises a few stories with buttresses . a woman and two men stand outside a construction site at dawn . evening picture of a colorful playground with three blue slides . a girl wearing a tiara at the bottom of a slide .
i went to my church for a service . the pastor used his laptop so he could see his notes . his sermon was interesting , and on point . this is a beautiful statue at the front of the church . after the pastor was done , he asked if there were any prayer requests .
an ornate crucifix on display indoors in front of a windows . an old man in a suit gives a speech at a podium man with microphone near mouth looking forward the cross has a statue of jesus on it in front of a window . a minister stands at the front of the church .
this is location and [male] . [male] sings and [male] plays guitar . location is an awesome singer but that was n't enough . he wanted to play guitar like [male] but his fingers were too stubby . this ate away at location . one day during a church gig he got on his knees and prayed that god would let him play guitar even better than [male] . an angel appeared to location and said there were too many guitar players . the world needs adequate trombone players [male] . suddenly [male] felt impelled to grab a trombone and squeak out a tune . he was so happy . until he tried to put it down . the angel had forgotten to say the release trombone prayer . so now [male] and his instrument are stuck together for eternity .
an artistic cross stands up front in a [male] church a man on a laptop with a microphone with crosses in the background . a guy in a church that is giving some kind of speech a religious statue of someone inside of a building . an image of a man that is giving a speech
the cross is located on the back wall of the church . the preacher stands at the font with a microphone . he also has a laptop in front of him . [male] is on a cross at the back of the church . finally the preacher closes his sermon .
the object of art depicts the crucifixion . 1 person in suit standing at podium with cross in background a church member at a podium standing in front of a crucifix , palms and candles . [male] stands in front of a cross holding his arms up to the sky . the man is dressd in black coat and whiyte shirt
the parade had floats , and marching bands playing their tunes . vendors sold street food to the spectators . the crowd was accepting of everyone as they watched the parade come down the street . mostly everyone had fun , including this couple who got closer together .
group of women seen wearing similar head wear at outdoor gathering . a man holding and upside down flared umbrella out of a window . the bus was getting ready to stop for the new passengers . the kakadus bus is making its way down the street . individuals with blonde hair do tricks during a parade .
many people showed up at the parade today . people were playing horns . there was even food being passed out . it started to rain so some people brought umbrellas . people also got together to take many pictures .
a large group of people in fluffy white hats and long braided hair walking down a street . two men looking out the window , one holding a blown umbrella . three people in costumes in front of a bus . a large bus drives past a large crowd a person hoisting a child up in the air while they walk in the parade .
this is a parade . these people are watching the parade from their apartments . busses full of people came to see the parade . this bus was actually in the parade . all types of people enjoyed and participated in the parade .
a group of women wearing white fluffy hats a man holds an inverted umbrella outside a window . a bus with a man and two children standing outside a bunch of people watching a decorated bus drive down the street . the parade was great and full of color on the bright summer day .
we are walking downtown to attend the art fair . the street is blocked to keep things safe . the kids are working over some snacks . i 'm enjoying the moment . my wife smiles back .
two tall buildings standing next to each other . a casual day in the street where people are walking . children are eating and drinking together outside on the sidewalk . a man sitting in an outdoor cafe drinking beer with another man sitting on a wall . a woman wearing a baseball cap , sunglasses , and blue jacket holds a drink and pouts .
exploring a new city is fun . we walked all over the place . we finally took a break . the kids were hungry ! dad needed a drink ! mom needed one even more !
there are two tall buildings next to one another . they took a sideways picture to illustrate the fun times . kids sitting around on a bricked area with soda and food . a man with a [organization] cap and a drink sitting down outside . a woman is looking for a photo and holding a beer in hand
a couple of tall buildings are the focal point in this shot . a few people are walking down the sidewalk on a bright and sunny day . the kids take a break and have a meal of sodas and sandwiches on the sidewalk . looks like this guy is enjoying his drink . however , she is making a pucker face , so it might not be as yummy for her .
tall buildings with lots of windows stand behind a streetlight on a sunny day . a few people walk down a urban city street . 3 children on sidewalk enjoying crate lunch and soda . a man wearing a [organization] hat smiles as he enjoys a glass of iced tea . the woman in a blue jacket is holding a drink at a small outside gathering .
we had fiesta night at the organization house last weekend . the vodka was running a plenty . stories we told . friendships were made . dogs where even invited .
foods are laid out on a long wooden table two ladies standing around a kitchen table , chatting , and mixing drinks . |two ladies standing around a kitchen table , chatting , and mixing drinks . a group of people are sitting around a table having fun . two women having a conversation over martinis in a kitchen . brown and white dog walking across wooden deck next to upturned table .
they had a lot of food out for the party . the also had drinks ready to go . they sat around and caught up . they also drank a lot . even the dog had a good time .
a table full of food surrounded by a group of people two friends mix drinks at a party while chatting the women are having a conversation on the couch . three people that are gathered in a kitchen . the dog made its way across the wooden porch very slowly .
i held a dinner party for some friends . [male] is n't a very nice guy . [male] played guitar for us . my dog seemed to enjoy the company . the drinking got a little out of hand .
the dinner table is full of food to eat . two woman are making drinks with some of the alcohol on the counter and talking . her animated delivery of the story kept her listeners interested . two women and a man having a get together with one woman having her finger in her mouth . a brown and white dog walks on a deck outside .
the cobblestone streets were gorgeous . we saw some lovely local culture . even took a picture of this guy giving us a strange look ! the hotel that night was similarly wonderful . and the next day we saw some more interesting people .
a long road made of cobblestone and green railings . people visiting and offering prayers at a asian temple . a boy with a hoodie on with a smirk on his face . a fancy bedroom with unmade beds and lights on the couple is dressed in period costume and standing on the balcony .
the cathedral was so nice to see in person . ming was so happy to be on vacation . wang was not happy to be on vacation . he was not happy because they had separate beds . but they both enjoyed the inside of the cathedral .
people walking along with a big yellow house in the background . a woman holding incents over pottery with incents standing in it . a boy is looking at the camera in black and white a bedroom is well lit by a lamp on a nightstand in between two beds . a man and woman are dressed in fancy costumes standing on a balcony .
our trip sites were amazing we were able to partake in rituals . really mom ? really ? hmmmmmm look at our hotel room - just outstanding there were people dressed in garb everywhere !
a view of a city from street level looking up . a woman holds burning incense near a temple . a man wearing a hoodie tilting his head forward . two beds in a hotel room with valances the two people are dressed up and over looking the balcony .
walking through town they met a gathering of good people . the train offered captivating views . some of the better views from the train were the downtown skyline . the location skyline is large and enticing . he was having a wonderful time in the city .
a man wearing a black shirt is looking at his camera . a group of people stand outside of a brick building listening to a man talk . a train is departing from a railroad crossing with a red light people are sitting and standing on a city bus a boy stars intently out of the window at passing scenery .
the man was looking down as the people were coming . they saw the train and they got on it and looked outside .
a man wearing a black jacket holds a camera while sitting on a bus . a crowd gathers under a building as a man speaks . a silver passenger train is driving through an intersection in a town . a view of the bus passangers from the back of the bus . the man is looking outside through the glassed window
this was my first time riding public transportation . the line to get on the bus was extremely long , and seemed neverending . we had to wait for a train to pass at the railroad crossing . the bus was not full currently , but with that line outside , i am sure that will change . my son was literally falling asleep on the bus ride .
a man is getting ready to take a picture . a group of people gather in front of a brick building . a train moving up the rails near a train stop . a group of people sit on a bus with their backs shown . a man looking out of a bus window .
we went to see the circus performance in town this week . they had many people in crazy outfits . and interesting places to eat . these guys drew the most attention due to their crazy stunts . my favorite were the people dressed in old outfits , they look like they came right from the 1800s .
a man and his monkey at a booth outside . men dressed up in comstumes at a festival people eating in a kiosk made up as a carousel at a fair at night . the acrobats on the metal loop are performing for the crowd people dressed in old time dresses and hats
the outdoor circus comes to town every winter and we never miss it/ we enjoy all the different attractions . i really like the silly ones , they really make me laugh . these guys never fail to astonish me with the things they can do . but if you wait too late , it 's hard to get a good seat for the main attraction .
man at organ grinder with stuffed monkey toy on top two men are dressed as wrestlers on the local streets . people are together in a room at a carnival looking room . acrobats at a circus performing on a ring in front of spectators a group of people in old fashioned costumes standing outside .
the fair is a fun place for everyone . you can meet strong men , you can meet new people , you can see the amazing carnival people performing fun acts . overall , the fair is a great place to spend time with others .
a man dressed in a brocade vest and black jacket stands behind a decorative stand with a stuffed monkey sitting on top . two men in one piece suits are the center of attention outdoors . people gather in a strange carnival gazebo at night . two men did a stunt on a high structure while the people looked on . three people dressed in period outfits stand outside at night .
i got a chance to bring my daughter over to my friend 's house the other day . we made sure to bring over a bunch of her toys so that she keeps busy and does n't get too bored . overall , our time was focused having fun with our child . our friend usually likes to go through books with her . but in the end , her favorite toy is her stuffed kitten .
woman and child sit at table with various items . the little girl wants to open the box and play with the new toy . a family gathering for opening christmas gifts in the living room . a woman in red reading to a little girl in pink a young child plays with a stuffed animal .
mom and dad made supper before gram arrived . gram lives in location so we do n't see her often . after supper gram had presents for me . it was just like my birthday . i opened all the presents , examining each carefully . i made a mess with the wrapping paper . the last package contained a stuffed animal . i really like stuffed animals . gram was happy to see that i liked all my presents . aster all the gifts were opened , gram and i cleaned up the mess and it was bedtime for me . i took my new animal to bed with me .
a woman plays with a puppet with a little girl . happy little girl opening presents with her parents looking on the little girl is on the floor to open up her presents . a woman is reading a book to a child . the little girl is playing with her stuffed kitten .
spending time with family is what this kid likes best . there were so many presents to open . there are too many things to open and people to greet . the new book was read as soon as possible as it was a favorite . the stuffed animal was also on the top list of presents .
a woman with a puppet entertains a young girl eating at the dinner table . adults looking at a child as the child holds a box . a family watches on as a little girl plays . the mother has her daughter on her lap and is reading a book to her . the young girl is dancing with a stuffed animal .
the guests all arrived for the backyard party we were throwing . one of them brought his ferrari he just bought . we greeted the guests as they came on in , and caught up with each other as the night went on . our friend brought his new puppy and we all played fetch with a ball that he brought . the guys were hanging out and chatting with each other about the latest work projects . this turned out to be a really fun and enjoyable picnic for all our close friends .
a picture of an old red muscle car parked on the side of the street . three women are standing outside a house , having a conversation with other people sitting and standing nearby . a brown dog is playing catch in the yard . two men are peeking over a white fence and smiling two purple flowers are in bloom amid the bulbs .
as we waited for our friends to arrive , we admired this red car parked outside . shortly after , more and more friends were arriving to the party . our neighbors ' dog even came to join the fun . our neighbors watched over the fence . we later admired my mom 's flowers in the garden .
a red sports car parked on the side of the road in front of a small black car . three ladies stand and talk at a outdoor gathering . a dog running towards the camera with a ball in its mouth . two men hanging out on a beautiful day with a white picket fence the beautiful flowers are in the ground next to the wall
the waiter showed us the wine that we would be having for the evening . the bottle was shaped rather nicely . the coffee was placed in cone shaped mugs . and the martinis were lit up on the bottom . [male] ordered a green martini
a red sports car parked on the side of the street . three women talking at an outdoor location while standing on the grass a dog runs forward holding an orange ball . two men stand together smiling while looking over a white fence . two purple flowers at full bloom next to a building .
the fair has come to town ! there are lots of carnival foods to eat . they have activities like three-wheeled scooters . they even have pig races ! come back again soon !
a pair of young women are sitting at a kitchen table eating breakfast . tthey were supposed to be soaking their nails in this concoction a woman has a white pasty substance dripping from her fingers . a bowl that has freshly made ice cream . a paper plate holding a burrito with some white stuff on top and meat on the side .
i went on the organization wheel last week . afterward i went to grab something to eat from a restaurant . i also bought a new scooter . later i went to go see the pig races . i also bought a toy dinosaur .
two women sitting at a table with yellow cups two women with brown hair sit at the table . a woman holding up her hands as goo runs down them . a woman is mixing something in a bowl . some food on a white paper plate is on the counter .
we ate breakfast and decided to make a fun lunch . we decided to make the meal from scratch and by ourselves . it was messy and dirty work , but sister was up to the task . the ingredients came together . we were all starting to get hungry . when we were done we had made a wonderful and tasty meal .
two women sit at a table eating food off of plates . two women dip their fingers into bowls filled with a cornstarch mixture . the woman has sticky clay all over her hands . a bowl of clay being prepared for pottery . a dish of food with burritos and cream cheese
the art fair begins today . this unusual art piece combines drawing and writing . these oil paintings capture birds . i 've never seen such a colorful pistol as this . this wall piece will get your interpretations wondering .
a well dressed man at the podium presenting this speech . a man sitting at a table with microphones looking down at a booklet . a group of people sitting at a long table with a projection displayed behind them . a large computer screen is being used for a presentation . a man near a projector screen showing a man deer hybrid .
a friend of mine invited me to the [male] art fair . many of the attendees would say how each painting made them feel . i thought that the combination of these colors were pretty . someone said this was an artistic statement about gun control and i thought that was pretentious . there were some truly amazing pieces at the art fair this year .
a man gives a presentation at a podium while looking at his notes a man named salomon grimberg , sitting at a table , looking at the empty seat next to him . a panel of people sit in front of a giant screen during a conference . a man is making a presentation on a screen . a group in a confrence looking at art on a projection .
the president of the art club was giving the instructions on how to rule the entries to the judges . everyone paid attention and took notes . afterwards , the entries were shown individually at first on the screen behind them . then , the finalist entries were all put up together so the top two could be chosen . there were the winning entries , and the vote was unanimous on both !
a man with glasses that is speaking into the mic . a man with glasses that is sitting in a chair . a panel of people take turns speaking at a conference . several people on a panel are observing a speaker who points to an image projected on a large screen . someone is talking to people in a room with a slideshow .
the concert goers were ready to get the music started . smoke billowed on stage but no performers showed up . then the lead singer rose from underneath the stage . the crowd went absolutely wild . the concert rocked the park for 3 straight hours .
purple light and smoke radiates from the stage as thousands of fans look on . a crowd watches the entertainment on the purple-lit stage . a stage is lit with a very purple light the musical never ending play resulted up in the broadway industry a crowd is gathered to watch a performance by flo rida .
finally , the day came for the concert of one of my favorite bands . we all packed the stage as we waited for the stage to come alive . an opening act came on first , which got the crowd pumped for the evening . as the lights changed , we all knew who was up next : the musician we 've been waiting for . the musician brought down the house as everyone danced and had a great time .
a concert with a lot of fans with the stage illuminating a fuschia color . many people dressed in white are standing in front of a purple lit stage a crowd of people watching a group preform a stage is being prepared for models . several people in the crowd as flo rida performs on stage .
the band arrived onto the stage and the crowed screamed . to get the crowed even more hyped up the shined spot lights across thepeople . the band was very loud and had every one jumping . they filmed the whole event for every one to see . the group mellowed out to some slow music .
at the concert waiting for the performance to start . a concert stage bathed in purple light is surrounded by a crowd . special effects go off on stage during the show . the stage is lit up brightly and someone is holding a microphone . a night concert for flo rida , one girl sits on the musky neck of a man .
[male] carrying the cross . another of [male] with the cross and some followers . here the spikes are going in . the [male] punishment was brutal . here is [male] on the cross . three days later he is risen again .
statue of golden animal sitting on large concrete item with cross in middle outlined with a circle . sculptured stone statues depict religious theme in outdoor garden area . a statue depicting the crucifiction and the people who witnesses it . a religious statue or gravestone sitting outside in the sun . a statue of a woman standing near another statue of a dead person .
i went the cemetery last weekend . there were a lot of statues there . it was a sad place . i paid my respects . i left before it got too late .
a fountain made with a golden lamb that the water is coming out of . statues depicting the carrying of the cross by [male] and his followers . a crucifixion statue with three other figures kneeling , sitting and standing beneath it mourning . a beautiful white statue of a woman and her dying mate is in the woods . a concrete motif of the virgin stands next to christ in his tomb .
as a golden goat lays on top of platform [male] carries his cross while others look . [male] is on the cross and others are crying . when [male] is off the cross a women looks at him in sarrow . [male] now rests peacefully .
the statue of a golden lamb with a fountain coming from the middle a statue of [male] carrying a cross while three onlookers empathize , depicted in stone . a statue depicting [male] at the time of his crucifixion . a stone sculpture of the virgin [female] and [male] . two statues , one of a woman standing , another of a man laying down .
it was a beautiful day on the east side of town the dogs and people were playing in the park the girls decided to take a picture next to the statue the christmas festivals begin outside they all gathered around to enjoy the festivals
the bridge on the lake connected the two building together . the brown and white dogs are playing on the grass pair of women posing next to a statue in an outdoor garden . little boy standing by iron rail looking at people coming down the street a group of people that are skating next to each other .
the bridge is a lovely part of the city . people show their love by placing locks on the bridge . people from all over like to pose in front of local art work . statues are always a welcome sight for tourists. & # 13 ; ice skating is a wonderful time for many .
beautiful view from a bridge of a river and buildings two dogs that are in the park fighting with each other . two ladies standing beside a statue posing . people walk around and visit stalls at a busy fair . a small outdoor ice skating rink with a few people on it .
the outdoor scenery in the city was beautiful . there lots of parks were dogs were playing . as well as historical statues . there was a large group of people gathered around an area . it appeared there was some type of ice skating event going on .
a view of a river with buildings in the background 2 dogs play around in the grass as a large building stands in the background . two women posing near a statue by the palace of [location] . a group of people at an outside fair people skating at an ice rink during winter
on our trip , we saw an abandoned area of the city . no one lived here as the buildings had been damaged by an earthquake . weeds were growing on the roof of one of the empty buildings . some structures had been marred by graffiti . rubble and trash in the street made the area appear even more desolate .
a building that has satellite on top of its roof . scene of city neighborhood at fork in road ; taken from above . a derelict house and a rusty door with graffiti the window of an abandoned building no longer has any glass . there is litter and other items on a city street .
there was so much devastation after the hurricane . from one of the higher buildings i could see the devastation better . there were old shops that now had graffiti on them . some houses had the doors ripped off . there was so much garbage lining the streets afterwards .
the building roof is filled with several different kinds of satellite dishes . a view from above of a dilapidated town of residential buildings . a small concrete house has graffiti on the door . an image of an old abandoned building with an open door frame street littered with trash and birds with run down houses on either side .
the old building in this turkish town had modern satellite dishes . the view of the town reveals denselypacked housing . this must be a very old building that has fallen into disrepair . it 's a shame this building is so run down . the old street would be beautiful with a little repair .
the building has two satellite dishes on top of it . many different buildings are in a city during the day an old run down looking shelter with graffiti . a windowpane of an old abandoned ( perhaps haunted ) house . a view of a street that can use cleaning .
today i marveled at the beauty of the sunrise . i was amazed at how man could build the location location location . i looked out over the bay and counted my blessings . the sun set over the mountains was glorious . then i watched as night crawled in .
the sun is rising over a mountain range a forward view from outside a car window while driving on a bridge , possibly the [location] [location] . lights glow from a city which is stretched out along a natural harbor . land masses with fog moving in and a setting orange sun . the mountains with rolling fog through an aerial view .
i just got my geologist degree and i need to go find my rock on . i first started here and thought this was interesting . i then crossed the bridge to get to the other side and see what geologically was over there . i climbed to the top of the mountain for some interesting geological structures . i then drove home very fastly .
the sun rises over several mist covered mountains . cars traveling over a large red metal bridge . a city and bay is seen from high atop a hillside . a foggy night sky with a beautiful sun set . the mountains were beautiful in the morning
it is going to be a great day today , up bright and early . we are taking a road trip , time to cross the bridge . we are headed over to go for a nice hike . we made it pretty high up , what a great view . it is getting a bit cloudy , we can even see the clouds over the hills .
the sun is shining over the vast landscape that is covered by green trees and a small lake the rear-view mirror is shown of one car among several traveling a suspension bridge . a photo overlooking a city on the bay . a view of the sunset with mountains in the foreground . a view of an orange and yellow sky with mountains in the foreground .
there are many sacred places left from thousands of years ago all over the earth . many of these sacred places are very unusually shaped and have a strange look . some of these sacred places from our past appear to similar to tomb stones or monuments of more previous years . some of the sacred sites are more modern in that they show signs of skilled labor like block laying and the mixing of concrete . they also may have been painted . at many of these sights artifacts have been found which contain writing and are made of silver and gold . this appears to be more modern .
a group of leaves that are naturally deteriorating . a forest is very overgrown in weeds and brush a rock formation is displayed , but some of the bricks are rotting away . cement stairs covered in bright green colored moss . an old stone grave marker is covered in moss .
in the ancient cemetery , the dead do n't speak but the moss tells a story of slow , calm life . it covers the headstones of villagers past , clinging to the engraved letters . the moss makes a soft carpet on the hard , ancient stones , like a welcome mat to this foreboding place . wherever it can find a shady spot , it thrives , like on the corners of this ancient staircase . the moss has no preference for who 's graves it covers , and does not care how [female] died .
algae forming up on a rock side with leaves next to it . green moss on the side of a sunken boat . a lot of moss clings onto some old bricks . moss in growing on the steps and also cracking . a grave that is honoring the person that lays there .
we went to check out an old graveyard . there was moss growing on everything . we saw a really old stone wall . we saw some old stairs that looked like they took a lot of work to make . then we saw a huge grave marker that must have been really expensive back in the day .
a close up of leaves , moss , and various green leaves in nature . a closeup view of a mossy surface moss grows on some open patches of bricks . a stone stair way that is covered in green moss . the old gravestone has moss growing on and engraving .
outside the convention center . many people came to the convention . many handouts were taken . the presentations were very popular . many people came to see them .
the front of the building is primarily glass , allowing a view of customers within . a large group of business people walking through a building . the man is holding something that says your market for mobility . a man and a woman holding a picture together the audience is clapping from their seats at the event .
everyone entered the room , ready for the presentation . there were great speakers , who provided good education . the camera man made sure to document the important event . the audience enjoyed the presentation and company of others . they were satisfied with the material presented .
large group of people standing inside building with windows surrounding it a bunch of business people walking through a lobby . a man is holding a packet and by two other people . two people standing holding a plaque that someone received . a group of people sitting together clapping .
the people are getting ready to enter the hall . the first speaker engages the crowd with a funny story . a camera man films the speakers . a couple of the crowd members discuss what the speaker just talked about . the crowd applauds when the speaker finishes .
a building with a windowed wall and a large group of people inside people are walking , others standing while holding white envelopes on their hands a man attending an event holds promotional material in his hand . a man and woman are standing next to each other holding a framed award and smiling . people are sitting at an event dressed in fancy clothes
the concert was a great one . the guitar player was on point with his playing , and he even harmonized perfectly with the leader singer during some of the choruses . and they made it a great show by involving the audience , and of course , the lighting was crazy cool .
a band is visible on stage in an otherwise dark room . a man playing guitar onstage with a drummer and red lights in the background . two men sing a song and play guitar together a man wearing a mask is performing on a dark stage an audience is cheering to a band that is on the stage .
my friends and i visited a concert in [female] . one of my favorite bands and group of artists gathered in one place ! some of the band members played saxophone , which i loved to hear . the other band members played drums , which was very loud and annoying . the room was packed with music fan cheering and jumping with the music .
a band is performing on the stage to a crowd . man wearing hooded sweatshirt playing a guitar at a concert . two men are singing into the same microphone . a couple of people are standing on a stage . a group of musicians that are singing on the stage .
the concert venue was not well lit . the guitarists played in a red spotlight . they sung together on one mic . one band member had a crazy and scary mask on . the concert was lit with blue spotlights and it got hype .
a view from the cheap seats at a concert a guitarist playing on stage in front of a crowd a couple of men are singing a song on stage . a man holding a jar while wearing a animal mask while someone else approaches it . crowd of people watching a performance take place on stage .
i 'm not a huge fan of team-building meetings so i was n't too thrilled to see the rooms blocked off and a speaker when i came into work this morning . and then the speaker started with a power point about being inclusive and i was just waiting for words like `` synergy '' and `` think outside the box . '' and , of course , we had to break into small groups to come up with ideas which is always awkward for me as i tend to be introverted . but i did enjoy the smaller session later in the day and the use of the wall as a projector . i ended up having a good day because how can you not like an exercise that has you visually represent a classic saying !
the older man with gray hair standing in front of a small group of people . a bunch of words are on a screen the sticky notes made their way onto the poster board a woman casually sits in an office chair at a desk in front of a presentation on a white wall . three yellow ducks are lined up on the edge of a bath tub .
the group was n't sure what to think of the presentation . the letters on the screen were so pink that it was hard to read them . they were supposed to sign up for different courses on the yellow sticky notes . she sat alone , wondering whether anyone was going to come to her class at all . the ducky presentation was by far the most popular of the day .
man in white button down shirt moving arms around . words appear on the projector screen as boys look on . a time schedule for a thing called bathcamp a person that is sitting on top of the chair . three rubber duckies are lined up on the edge of an uninstalled bath tub .
the speaker started to show his slides . the first slide had an intro to his main points . they had made a very unprofessional schedule of the day . the workers were sitting in the back just in case they needed help . he had some fun activities set up .
a group of three people looking in the same direction a couple male students learning from notes on a projector . the schedule is posted on the white board by times . a woman sitting in an office chair in an office . three rubber ducks are on the side of a bathtub
arrived at the camp grounds , everything is going alright . we pitched the tent , not a trouble in sight . the fire is set to light up the evening . dinner was cooked and kept fresh thanks my friend [male] . while [male] sat under a table heavy with breathing .
the car is driving from the campsite through the trail . a man and a dog relaxing in the woods on a camping trip . a man reads a book and cooks a meal over a campfire . a set of green cup , plate and bowl next to a set of blue cup , plate and bowl with juice in the cups , 2 slices of watermelon on the plates , and bean soup in the bowls . a dog on the leash with his water and food dish upside-down .
the family went to the woods to go camping . they even brought along their dog . grandpa came too and was in charge of the fire . they are watermelon and oat meal . afterwards they took a hike in the woods .
a car parked on a two track in the woods with tents . a campsite with a man sitting in a chair around a campfire and a dog leashed and looking to the camera . a middle-aged man sits in one of two blue camping chairs outside , next to a campfire , reading a book . two bowls of soup , two plates of watermelon , and two drinks . a white dog with black and brown patches is laying in the grass .
they camped in a secluded drive . they had tents and room for all . they built a fire . they ate a great meal complete with watermelon . they even brought the family dog along for the fun .
the road to our campground was only wide enough for one car at a time a person and their dog at a campground . a man at a camp site is sitting in a folding chair two plates of watermelon two bowls of soup and two drinks a dog that is laying on top of the grass .
barbaric was the look he was going for . he defiantly had accomplished it . so had the others . animal horns and fur on their heads . red paint to look like blood on their shirts .
this is a picture of a man a group of men are wearing a large headpiece . people are dressed in costumes and marching in a parade . people dressed up in ceremonial dressing performing in front of a crowd . the people in costumes perform a ritual around the fire .
the ceremony was a success . everyone wore their coolest costumes . people were happy to be celebrating . everyone looked forward to this ceremony all year . they hoped next year would be as fun .
participant in outdoor event wearing bloody shirt for emphasis . 2 men in white t shirts dressed in furry costumed with horns . adults wearing costumes walking on street during night time event . a group of people in some type of ritualistic gear are marching down a dirt road . people gather near a fire , wearing costumes and dancing .
time for our annual cult ritual . these are our sacred headdresses that are used in the ritual . the elders of the group leading us to our ritual site . our elders singing the scared words . time to start dancing around the sacred fire .
a man dressed in a wig and horns and blood on his shirt people dressed up in costumes with horns and dancing . a group of people walking to the street wearing a mask and a cloth that is full of stains of a blood people in strange costumes marching in a parade . people in costumes with horns are frolicking near a fire .
it was a beautiful day at the fair . you could see a lot of busy people preparing the area . today there 's a reenactment of a cowboy shot-out . many shots where fired between the bandits and the cowboys . at last the bandit fell .
the weather is overcast and cloudy over rides at the fair a man working a manual lathe to make table legs . man sitting next to a row of camping tents . men are dressed in costumes for a reenactment event . a man reenacting a war has been killed by the other side
at the fair ready to have a good time . worker is preparing the tents . actor seating down in front of tent putting on a show . about to shoot , ready to shoot . he has been killed , actor is playing dead .
a carnival that is hosted on the fields of the mountain . a man works out doors beside his tent . a man with a gun is sitting by his tent war re-enactors taking cover behind supplies near tents with modern vehicles in the background . man lying on ground next to barrel pretending to be dead
we went to a carnival and battle reenactment . the reenactment was still being set up when we arrived . we were able to take photos of the actors . we watched the actors fire their weapons at each other . this actor did a very convincing dead man .
the carousel and ferris wheel are full of people a man works a carpentry project on a split log workhorse . a man sitting at a campground surrounded by his possessions . picture of three men in a gun fight near tents . a man laying next to a barrel and in front of a tent .
the artichokes were cooked to perfection . and the pasta salad tasted like the one from the restaurant . the asparagus was our favorite and was perfectly crisp . overall the table was full and looked great but it was missing something . that 's when i remembered the flower bouquet .
colorful eggs hanging from an arrangement of branches in a vase . a big plate of fried chicken sits on the table with asparagus and chips . the pasta is bright and colorful with different veggies in it . a plate filled with may slices of meat and a pair of tongs . this fresh baked sweet bread is covered in frosting .
brussel sprouts are my specialty . although i can make good past florentine . but my mothers asparagus is the best . all the food was really good . i even used my personal flower as a centerpiece .
holiday treats on a table beneath a decorative table placement . large piece of chicken on a round white plate . large display of food set on top of a dinner table . a pair of tongs sits on a plate holding cuts of meat . a coffee cake with frosting sitting on a plate with a doily .
celebrating any holiday is fun . there 's always delicious food to be had , like chicken . it 's important to remember the pastas and salads though , and try and balance things out a bit . but , balance or not , ham is a lovely addition to any plate of food ! and who can forget dessert ? !
a table display made with pussy willows and decorated eggs . close up of fried chicken on a plate . a colorful pasta dish is displayed in a clear bowl . a plate of meat is being served with tongs . sliced bread on a lace doily over an oval plate .
a protest is taking place today in the center of the city . hundreds of protesters fill the streets with signs and banners . police standby to make sure the protest goes through smoothly without violence . the protesters walk through the town peacefully without causing damage . at the end of the day , the protest completes with everyone staying safe .
church group marches is the parade promoting love . a group of demonstrators hold signs on the street . a police car parked on a street behind three officers . a group of people walk down a crowded street with an american flag . two police cars parked , with cones in the road , in a city .
i went to an undocumented alien rally . the peacefully gathered and demanded citizenship . the police were there , but they did not bother anyone . a mob of hate filled conservatives showed up for a counter protest . when we started to push against the counter protest crowd , the police left .
a group of people walking in a parade carrying a sign saying love marchers carry banners and signs down a street . four police officers standing in front of a police car . people are walking on the street for a 4th of july parade two police cars in motion on the street in black and white .
there were a lot of police out that day . many protesters lined the streets . more and more started to come . some wrote some crazy things on their cars . some of the writings were scary .
many people wearing shorts and hats are marching in a parade . a crowd of people walking down the street in protest a parked police car and four policemen standing in road . a large group of people walking down the middle of a street . a pair of police cars pull up to a building
the three of us are at an event . they had refreshments . here is a picture of a family that looks happy . these people are laughing at a joke . the lecturer had quite a lot to say .
an alarmed looking man in conservative suit speaks a podium in front of media microphones . a photograph of individuals standing and watching something . the speaker is giving a lecture on diversity . three people are standing and talking with drinks in their hands . a large group of professionally dressed people posed in an office building .
finally the speaker arrives . people were eager for the conference to begin . there were many speakers that day . people made small talk while waiting . afterwards , everybody took a photo together .
the man is addressing questions from the podium . a group of people stand in a crowd and look toward the front of the room . two men stand on stage in front of microphones . a group of people are standing around drinking out of wine glasses . a group of suited persons in a corner office posing .
it does n't matter what the occasion ... when a politician speaks , someone is going to struggle to stay awake . that does n't make what is said during the speeches any less important , however . it 's just that some people are just not as engaging as others . because any group of people , for any purpose , is still made of individuals .
gentleman with a look on his face like a deer in headlights . people standing in a church facing forward man standing at the podium talking about a cause that he believes in . a group of individuals are enjoying wine while having a conversation . a bunch of people in formal wear posing for a picture .
we got to the beach to spend our day . first , we had to set up our beach site . then our family are lunch together . after a bit , mom let us go play in the waves . by the end of the day , my brothers and i were exhausted and fell asleep .
two boys playing around the sand of the beach a group of people camping outdoors with two cars the people are sitting around the round table . a woman dives head first into an ocean wave . the three kids are all sleeping in the back seat of the car .
the family was so happy , because they got to go on a trip to the beach ! they got the tent all set up so they would have shade from the sun . then they sat down together to eat a delicious lunch . after lunch , it was time to play in the ocean . the waves were so big . they played so hard all day , having a great time in the sand and water . they were exhausted and fell asleep on the drive home .
children playing on a sandy beach near the ocean a family has set up camp in a sandy area . a family is eating outside on a table . a woman in an orange bathing suit diving into a wave . three children sleeping in the backseat of a car
family day at the beach . the family is setting up the tent . time to eat lunch before going swimming . swimming the the ocean . the kids are tired and are taking a nap on their way back home .
people are on a rocky beach with calm waves on a clear day some cars are parked on a beach with a tent a family sets up their picnic on a plastic table and chair set at the beach . a woman is diving into a large white capped wave . three kids is asleep in a car two of them have on hats that is covering there face
please meet [female] . she is a happy little girl . daddy took [female] swimming . she loves swimming so she kicked back and relaxed . once home , mommy read her a book . all the activity of the day made her ready for nap time .
a small girl stands inside a green wall and looks out a hole . the man is holding a baby wearing sunglasses in the water a baby with pink sunglasses in the pool . a woman sits at a table and holds a small child . a baby wearing a large hat is sitting by a window .
here 's the little one posing in a little jungle . [male] girl is taking a dip in the pool with her loving daddy . she likes to lounge in the pool after a hard day . sweet mommy and the little on are having quality time together . she is such a little ham when the camera is around .
child seen through green leafy photo cutout board . a father and his daughter swimming in a pool . babies are stupid and this one is extra dumb . the mother is holding on tight to her baby girl . a baby sitting down wearing a hat and scarf
we got our baby was getting ready for her first day swimming in the pool . i held my baby in the water and she really loved it . she floated in an inner tube in her cute pink bathing suit . after our swim , my wife held our baby and we relaxed . our baby had a great first day swimming !
little girl looking through a hole in a painted photo of leaves . a father that is holding on to his daughter . a baby wearing pink sunglasses sits in a floating pool chair . a married woman is hugging her small child . the baby is wearing a sombrero and a lace shawl .
eating right is an important issue in many people 's lives . for some eating is not an issue . when tempted by candy , it is difficult to resist because of how it effects our brain . and its especially difficult during holidays . strangely , we find every which way to get sweets into our mouths and around our waistline . some get very creative and try all kinds of varieties to keep it competitive . even bread isnt safe some times when you come across other cultures . the bottom line is : everything in moderation .
a perfectly cooked pink ham is sitting on the table topped with a pineapple . a close up of easter treats including chocolate eggs . an advertisement for chocolate covered biscuit sticks . the candy has different boxes with candy on it pastries sit on a sheet freshly powered with sugar .
brightly dyed easter eggs are ready for the baskets . a selection of yummy chocolates are added , too . plates are laden with homemade food . now it 's time for us to enjoy our meal together . fresh cream puffs top off a wonderful family easter meal together .
a cooked ham with pineapple sitting on a table . packages of solid milk chocolate eggs that are individually wrapped in pastel colored foil . the picture is of a box of pocky collection of foreign candies sitting on top of a table . a table covered in doily wrapped baked goods .
there was so much eat at easter . we had chocolate easter eggs . and chocolate covered sticks . and candy from around the world . and powder covered beignets .
a large ham is cut up on the plate several different kinds of chocolate easter eggs and other candy . the sign advertises a brand of sweet cookies three different types of chinese candy on display . a bunch of fried dough balls are sitting with powered sugar on top .
took my mom on a wondering vacation and she was so happy . the kids wanted to take a photo standing next to this amazing sculpture . this building was my favorite . i love photographing huge old buildings with tower clocks . this bridge had a wonderful rainbow glow that was beautiful . i took this amazing photo with the fisheye lens .
a woman bundled up against the cold posing outside . two people pose next to a metal statue on a pier . tall stone church with clock in tower and cross visible above . a tall structure hangs above the bridge and waters . an image of silver object showing a building in its reflection
we gathered at night to take some photos and get together this is a very interesting sculpture . we had to take a photo by it ! this is a great old cathedral . the photo does not do it justice ! the river at night is quite beautiful ! ! this fish-eye photo is cool . you can see the reflection in the piece of metal .
an older lady is standing on a suspension bridge . the boy and the girl are standing close to the metal sculpture . a building with a tall clock tower on the front . a large bridge casting over the water connecting two points a fish eye look of the object in front .
we started our tour of the city here on the bridge where we had to stop and pose for a picture because the cityscape was so beautiful . there we so many art installations on the boardwalk that everyone loved . the architecture was so different of street to street that it was amazing because you never knew if you were going to see a skyscraper or an ancient cathedral like this one . after an incredible day of sight seeing we were so tuckered out , but we stopped back by the bridge in order to take a picture from the other side of the water . the next day , even though we were exhausted from our trip around town yesterday , we were so excited to start the journey all over again .
a woman stands against a railing near the water of a lighted city area . two teenagers stand besides a statue made of metal parts that is on a pier , with two metal arches behind it . large clock tower on the front of a church . unique lit archway looms over bridge spanning river . reflection of two large buildings in a motorcycle mirror
a lot of employees showed up for the annual christmas party , and the boss was pleased about it . everyone took turns taking a fun photo with the miniature location statue at the front door . one of the employees walked around the party to take photos of the employees so that some of the photos could be included in the company newsletter . some of the employees got a little too tipsy considering that the party was a company function . some of the employees brought their spouses with them to the party , and the spouses had a lot of fun , too .
people is santa hats are in an eating and drinking establishment a man wears a black coat and a [location] hat and stands near a [location] statue and lit christmas trees . three men wearing christmas hats holding drinks in their hands posing for a photo . a man wearing a [location] hat crosses his eyes . two men and a woman drinking beer at a christmas party .
the office christmas party was in full swing . there 's plenty of hot girls around in the festive spirit . the man tries to matchmake for his shy friend , who does n't know how to talk to girls . rejected ! better luck next time . now drink this beer and drown your sorrows . the better looking friend is having no such trouble , already having scored with two .
a lot of people in a bar wearing santa hats . man in santa hat posing beside a [location] doll . three guys standing around with beers inside a room . the man in the santa hat is making a funny face a few friends are close to each other while enjoying some beers .
the company decided to host a christmas party for employees . some people posed for a picture by location . we had a few drinks and took some more pictures . a few people thought it would be funny to take some making silly faces . we all had a nice time talking and hanging out .
a lot of people are in a building wearing red hats . man standing near a santa statue dressed in santa hat three guys with santa hats drinking beer and smiling a man wearing a [location] hat making cross eyes . a women poses with two men in black shirts drinking beer .
i took a trip to a foreign country . i arrived there on my cruise ship . it was one of the biggest city 's i have seen . with amazing old architecture . there was also awesome shopping !
a large tower is on top of a brown castle high perspective photo of a cruise liner that is docked . the city at dusk after a rain storm . people are walking in between the old brick and stone buildings . a car waits as a multitude of people cross the street .
the couple was taking a tour of the city . they found a beautiful view of the city in one building . they could see everything . they also found some rustic buildings . the streets were packed by midday .
an elaborate architectural building is rising in the distance . a large boat sits in the small body of water we took this picture from the top of the mountain view of two ornate buildings with a crowded alley way between them . a group of people walking downtown in a city
the building in the city were a large tourist attraction . people came from all over the continent to see the sights . some of the buildings were really old . people would even take trips into the city from cruise ships . the town was a bustling area with a lot to do and see .
a tall building that overlooks the city near the town . docked large white cruise liner with two towers in background . high view of some trees right before the city and water many people strolling between two very large buildings . a street with a market crowded with people .
when i was on vacation last week i had a great view of the ocean . i stayed at a beautiful resort . the property was huge . there were many old buildings nearby . i had a lot of fun looking at all of them .
an overcast sky hangs over a bay surrounded by cliffs and mountains . a big brick light brown house is being built . large stone manor sitting in front of a forest area . this is an older-style looking gateway in the outdoors . fancy ! the old church is empty with just the one man standing in front .
this building was built in medieval times . this lane as seen many travelers over the years . parts of the old building have been carefully uncovered and maintained in their original state . this old arch was a common architectural element at the time . parts of this old structure have been rebuilt in modern times .
a body of water that surrounds the land . a large structure sits on a large piece of green grass , there is a wooden picket fence in the foreground an old , abandoned building with destroyed remnants on the hill in the background an entrance made of brown and yellow bricks man stands alone at far end of room .
[male] said his home was just beyond the castle walls . as we traveled down the path to the castle we could not help but to wonder how [male] came to live in such a place . we eventually came to the stairwell and was nearly too afraid to travel down . it lead to an opening in the castle where we would soon find [male] 's home . finally , we found the quite mansion tucked quietly where he could not be disturbed .
an inlet on the coast is lined with rocky cliffs and trees . a house that is large in height and width . the old stone building down the road is starting to look like it is falling down . a large archway of an old european castle . a boy stands at the pulpit in an aged abandoned church .
some of the older stores in the city were being boarded up . i 've been to this store many times before . the construction workers were getting their equipment ready , in the morning . one of the workers taking out one of the equipments from his vehicle . one of the workers cleaning the glass in front of an empty store .
a group of people gather outside of a building . vandalism with light blue paint and graffitti on a building . a man in a yellow coat cleans up broken glass at a bus stop some workers dressed in green and yellow putting broken glass in a van . a woman looks over her shoulder as she walks along a city street dotted with groups of people .
the remnants of a sad affair . after a riot , the innocent people are stuck repairing . all of these windows had to be replaced . this bus stop was hit especially bad . they 've already got fresh glass to put in there . but such a mess was made .
a group of people gather outside of an old brick building . graffiti and blue paint covering an atm machine and door . gentleman cleaning up broken glass on the sidewalk . a group of men removing items from a parked van . a woman in a black jacket walks through the road .
people have gathered around the court yard for the protest . the protest is quiet in this area but here is some painting on a building . this gentlemen is cleaning the area afterwards . this other group of people are taking away some of the garbage . people are beginning to disperse , and the protest is looking to be over .
a large crowd of people clusters in front of a stately building . the glass windows are covered with ads and paint . a firefighter cleans up broken glass outside a bank window . the workers are loading a big piece of cracked glass into a van . a woman in the middle of a busy city looks back and smiles at the camera .
today is [male] 's first birthday . [male] loves to play in his house . her his is trying to eat a balloon . we took some time out for a family photo . [male] got a little messy with the cake . happy birthday [male] .
man tossing a child playfully into the air while sitting on the ground . small child looking through the window of a toy house . the baby is playing with a blue balloon . a mom and dad posing with their kids on their birthday . a young shirtless child sits in the wooden chair .
mom takes pictures of her son at his first birthday party . the little boy is very excited about his new playhouse . he is also very curious about the balloons , and even tries to eat one . mom , dad , the birthday boy and his sister all take a family portrait together to remember their son 's birthday forever . before the party 's over , mom enjoys a tasty cupcake .
a man sitting indian style hoists a baby into the air . a baby looks out past a blue window from his playhouse a young baby is trying to eat a blue balloon . a man and a woman are with two children by a table with treats on it and a balloon overhead . a boy sitting in his chair locked in .
this was her first taste of a cupcake . she loved her new play house . she had a lot of fun with the balloons . the whole family was there for this special day . i caught mom sneaking a bit of food .
adult man holding up small toddler while sitting next to car . a boy looks through the window in his playhouse . a small child in a high chair holding a balloon a man and woman stand behind two small children in chairs . a baby unhappy about sitting in his booster seat .
[female] was worried that the spy would follow her off of the train . when she stepped out onto the platform , she saw a man looking her way , but was unsure if it was him . she turned in walked the opposite direction , hurrying to leave . as she she left the station , she trudged to the snow to her home to hide . she hid for the entire winter , until the snow melted away to water .
there is a train on train tracks lighted . a man standing on a subway platform two women are walking beside the train at the train station . a snow filled road has not been plowed . the road way in front of the building is wet .
travel has always fascinated me . some people prefer trains . others prefer to drive themselves . some even like the subway . you can always go grand on a ship . i myself prefer to use my feet .
a solitary train with shining lights is headed down the track . a person is standing in a desolate train station passengers who just got off the subway hurry to their next location . rural snow covered road way next to large filed leads to home . a wet road lined by trees leading up to a building
we are going on a trip . we waited for the train . the bus station at our destination was busy . when we arrived there was snow . we had fun !
a train coming down the track getting ready to stop . a man is a business suit is standing by a subway train . a black and white photo of people walking along a train with two women in overcoats in front . an empty snowy trail surrounded by trees and plants . a building in the background is under construction .
during vacation , we saw many persian columns . we saw weird statues . we even got to explore ruined temples . each day we stayed at a beautiful resort . it 's rose gardens were beautiful .
a group of people standing in front of a big ship a low angle view of a stone statue . the stone work at this location is absolutely amazing . an ornate building with tall columns and a water feature in front . many different flowers are in bloom in the grassy garden .
last summer i went on vacation to another country . i saw all kinds of different architecture over there . it was very beautiful . there were so many religious buildings . and their gardens were beautiful despite it being so dry .
a group of people are standing near ruins and some are taking pictures . a two headed statute stands alone on a piece of land . a small group of people stand to observe a structure . a big beautiful white building having garden and water gorgeous field of various colored flowers with treeline in the background .
giant pillars reach for the heavens . an ancient stone rocking horse found in the desert . this is the entrance to the instance . rich people take advantage of an oasis . their gardens bloom beautifully .
a small group of people touring a town of old remains two headed statue facing away from each other the people are standing in front of the hollow building structure . the house is in a tropical climate because there are palm trees in the landscape . the wild flowers were blooming in the sun
a man taking a picture under a beautiful tree . out in the open fields , with live cattle allowed to roam around freely . as well as the ducks walking around unhindered . the box on the tree shows the simplicity of country living . and the wide open spaces , with the lakes , the mountains , and the trees exudes much peace .
large tree with the roots on top of the ground . one cow is standing in front of a large group of grazing cows . a pair of ducks takes the walk across the lawn in front of the entrance to the hiking paths . a small birdhouse with 15a stamped on the front hanging on a tree . the grass near to the shoreline is green .
[male] loved this big tree located in the cows pasture . the birds loved it as well because , you see , there was a secret bird feeder on the tree that they would feed from . after feeding from the secret bird feeder , they would fly off over the lake and into the clouds .
the odd tree is worth taking a picture of black and brown cattle standing on a green grassy field . an image of two adults ducks that are walking on grass a green birdhouse marked with fifteen a on a tree trunk . view of a lake and shore from a boat .
today i visited a cathedral for spring break . i even managed to get outside with nature too . it was a very historic place the trees were in full bloom . it was a fun place and i want to go back next year .
an old looking tree with roots everywhere by the creek . several black and brown cows standing in an open field . two ducks walking in the grass in a park . a small green box attached to the side of a tree . a small lake with green plants , trees and mountains off in the distance .
the late snowfall would probably kill the plants . it was n't very deep enough to kill the pesky weeds that grew close the the gazebo . for some reason the snow was deeper in his backyard . across the water he could see the island had very little snow . in some places you could see the grass and the poor birds scrounged for food .
dried brown flowers sticking up out of partially melted snow . the gazebo was empty on this cold day . a big light blue house has snow it its yard a small river running between two snow covered banks two seagulls on a snowy shoreline with a refinery in the background .
it was a cold day , but we took advantage of the clear skies and set out to see the land . we stopped by the river and saw this . the seagulls let us know they were there . the stone on the opposing side looked wonderful covered in the snow . a city skyline view was the perfect way to end the day .
dried plants peek out of the snow in a winter scene . a gazebo on the edge of a huge lake . a pale blue house sits adjacent to a snow-covered road . a river with snow on both banks and trees nearby . two fat white birds on the grass near the ocean .
the ground covered in at least 3 inches of snow . the gazebo by the lake . two birds scavenging for food . the beautiful view of a winter wonderland . a covered yacht and a city view in the background .
a forest with tall trees is completely coated in snow the area surrounding the gazebo by the shore is covered in snow . snow is piled up in front of the house . a waterway that has small amounts of snow on both sides of the water . two seagulls by the seashore grazing on the grassy area near rocks
[male] decided to take a walk in the woods one sunday . [male] walked around the lake first . he then took the path towards the forest . in the forest he enjoyed the fall trees . [male] took one more lap around the lake before he headed home .
a scene of a kazebo surrounded by water and a little island a green tree is casting a reflection in the water . an empty paved path between bare bushes leads to a tall building in the distance . a lightly forested park with lots of fallen leaves the duck is swimming in the pond near a rock .
the great flood had reached our house . we drove into the city on the one dry road remaining . ducks swam up to overtake our village . the river swelled its banks . the city walls were built high and strong to keep out the floodwaters .
large pond with a small island in the middle and a ornate deck area . a tree is reflecting in the water next to the sun . a road that is leading into the heart of the city . shadows outline the trees in a large leaf-covered area . a duck is surrounded by water ripples in the pond .
we visited a park during the winter . the path was clear and easy to walk on . ducks swam in the chilly pond . views of the pond were breathtaking . a fence surrounded the park .
a covered pier on a decorated lake with landscaping . a tree is reflected in a body of water . a path with bare trees on either side of it . there is a very tall building in the background . there are leaves on the ground underneath the barren trees . a duck floats in the water next to a rock outcropping .
had an awesome day on vacation today ! we saw a lot of cool sites and awesome looking buildings . the streets were filled with so many colors and designs . there was so many exciting things to see and do . we even saw people riding in the back of trucks too !
a picture perfect view of the coast line of a popular tourist town . a building is tall and obscured by trees several buildings displaying laundry above attached stores as people walk by and shop . a man cutting strips of gyro on the street people in the back of a pickup truck on the road .
the town looked amazing from this far away . they got closer and were excited to dock the boat . the town was filled with brightly colored markets . they saw men hard at work . in the end they wanted something with a pool and a bar so they left .
view of a town at the edge of a sea in a tropical climate , houses of stone and stucco built on hillsides . the hillside is covered with white villas highlighted by a blue sky . market area where people have gathered to buy from merchants . a cook is carving a roast that is spinning on a spindle . a family of four ride in the bed of a brown [organization] truck .
we recently visited a town on the coast . there were houses built right on the cliffs ! in the marketplace , there were so many different things to buy . this man roasted meat on a spit right in front of you ! the locals had us follow them to show us a great place to do some sightseeing .
a house is looking out over a beach cliff a hillside with many white buildings and trees . a store has a large display of clothing and materials along the street . the man is preparing his food at the restaurant for customers . a woman and a few children sit in the back of a pickup truck
i start my perfect burrito with white rice . i then top it with lots of beans . the next topping is shredded pork . i do love a hot green salsa next . finally , some fresh cilantro makes the perfect last ingredient .
brown sugar and cinnamon placed in a white bowl . a white bowl full of diced garlic pieces . some beans sitting in a bowl ready to be made . a cooked meal that is in a pan with two courses . a hearty deep dish of lentil soup and peppers .
different type of foods are in a bowl . another type of food in a bowl . some type of beans inside the bowl . some food frying inside a pan with sauce on top . the sauce poured on type of the food that was in the pain .
two totally different spices in a white bowl . a white ceramic bowl of finely chopped onion . a white bowl of white beans shits on a clean surface . the soup is being made in the stock pot a bowl d some kind of soup is showing
two different spices . cutting the garlic . and washing the beans . shredded chicken and the spices mixed together . the soup is ready .
a white circular bowl filled with brown powder a picture of a white bowl with some chopped onion in it . a big bowel of freshly cooked white beans . a meal with white meat and green sauce sits in a black bowl . a white bowl has some green substance with seeds inside
i woke up at 4:45 am sharp today for the first time ever . i was so exhausted , im not a morning person . had to have 2 cups of coffee just to wake up . decided to wear my favorite loafers today . i hope theyre lucky . when i got home the package i had been waiting for had arrived . what a day .
the clock radio is illuminated on the night stand with a remote control . man with his eyes closed and bringing his hand to his face . the two coffee mugs are filled with liquid . a man is wearing a new pair of black lace shoes . a brown letter holder that reads darla meriam
[male] woke up at 4:45 this morning . he was so tired , so he made some coffee . once he felt more awake , he got dressed for work , put on his dressy work shoes , and headed out the door . he went to work and had a productive day , probably because the coffee gave him the kick that he needed .
the digital time display says four forty five . a man holds his hand to his face while blinking two cups of coffee , one black and one with cream are sitting on the tabletop . clean black loafers stand on a concrete floor . an inter-department delivery envelope contains several delivery entries .
my coworker is camera shy and does n't want to take her picture . this is the meal that i ordered from a mexican restaurant , during lunch . taking a coffee break in the morning before starting my work for the day . my morning commute to work , driving my red toyota camry . my shoes looked polished before heading out to work .
a remote in front of an electronic device that displays the time man with blue t shirt , looks like he is about to sneeze . two cups featuring different versions of same beverage on table . a pair of black men 's oxfords standing on a hard surface . a yellow interdepartment envelope sitting on someone 's desk .
the two brothers decided to go out today . the went to a skateboard gym . they even got to meet some of the skateboarders in person . the skateboarders had a rally to raise funds for the track . the boys had a lot of fun meeting everyone .
two dudes play with fake tatoos while they are having a sleepover . young skateboarder doing aerial trick at indoor event . a group of children that are sitting on the ground . a group of kids sitting on the floor listening to a motivator . group of young people on beds in a hotel room with a little boy showing off fake tattoos ,
the brothers loved skating . they 'd skate for hours every day . one day , their friend told them he had tickets to go see their favorite professional skater : [male] . the boys went to the skating show and had a great time . the best part was the photo they got with [male] .
two children adorned with fake tattoos perform a secret handshake . the skateboarder is jumping from the ramp in the skate park . three kids sitting at a table looking up a group of young children sit on the floor , listening to a presentation . a group of child are with an older man in a photograph
picture of two boys doing a cool handshake and showing of tattoos . skating and doing tricks . picture of best friend having fun . the kids are seating down and listening to instructions . kid taking a picture with older brother and showing of his arm .
two young kids posing with temporary tattooed arms . the boy is in the air on a skateboard . three boys pose for a picture on a chilly evening . a group of children sit on the ground listening to a speaker . a young blonde child shows off his arm tattoos .
today was a beach day . i climbed some cliffs . took some photos of the cliffs . then i went back to town . i was right on target .
many boats are sitting along a sea shore with a sidewalk and a quaint village looking on . an ocean beach scene with a town near the sand . white cliffs covered with moss look down onto empty waters . some people are walking on a sidewalk and some are seating on the benches . the bulls eye is in the middle of nowhere but green fields .
they arrived in the quaint seaside town . they checked into their hotel which had a lovely view of the beach . they explored some nearby ancient ruins , when for a long walk through the town , and visited many local tourist attractions .
boats lined up on shore next to promenade at coastal area . a beach town on a cloudy day seen from a cliff . a cliff next to a body of water people are walking along a gravel walkway next to buildings a round pad , possibly a helipad , borders the ocean .
the seaside town we stopped in was very quaint and we enjoyed it despite the overcast weather . this beach we saw while overlooking from a cliff looks so peaceful . we found this amazing rock formation along the cliffs near the city . the city had many large walkways that we enjoyed . this bulls-eye was located in one of the parks we encountered during our walk .
a seashore with benches and lights along with boats on the shore . countryside and a beach with a town in the background . it is an overcast day at the cliff side over looking a small harbor . walking down the sidewalk toward the hills wearing a jacket . a bulls eye is in the middle of a field used as a landing for a helicopter .
a group of guys were looking forward to skiing at a weekend ski tournament . one of the guys in the group found ski clothing in the loudest colors he could find for the occasion . one of the guys dressed up in a crazy looking clown outfit and red cowboy hat . one of the men in the group wore the organization organization organization costume that he wore when taking his son out on halloween just months earlier . `` fatbat '' was everyone 's favorite costume out of the group .
the three people are headed to the ski lift man in colorful snow gear outside standing in the snow . a man dressed colorfully skis in the snow . a person wearing a green giant costume walks in the snow . man dressed in a purple and black bat costume while standing in the snow
a group of friends were off for their first day of skiing after the first big snowstorm of the season . of course they had to show off for pictures . they had worn some different costumes because they were so excited . he decided to go with a green motif . and he decided that purple was the way to go . all of the friends had fun on their glorious day of skiing .
three men on a ski lift over top of snow . a man in a colorful snow suit getting ready for some fun . a woman is skiing who is wearing a red hat . a man in a green giant costume is getting ready to ski while walking in the snow . a person dressed in purple skiing in the snow .
some friends went skiing . it was a cosplay ski day . we wore outlandish outfits . we dressed up like different people . we even made our own superhero names .
three people with skis sit on a ski lift . the man in the snowsuit is ready to ski colorfully dressed man on skis in the snow . a woman in green walks around in the snow a man is holding skis and wearing a superhero costume
my family is a little bit crazy when it comes to how we live . my uncle lives in a giant metal lunchbox . my own parents lives in an rv they bought in the 1980s . growing up , i used to pretend that this rv was a spaceship . not a bad way to grow up even though i 've never been to space .
last night at the campgrounds was the best a silver trailer is decorated with flower stickers and has a logo on with the door open . a night scene with a parked recreational vehicle , awning , picnic table , and chairs . family of three consisting of a mother , father , and male child . a man and a child riding bikes , both wearing sunglasses .
every year , the whole family gets together for a camping trip . some of the family have small campers . others have huge rvs . all that really matters is that they get to spend time together . they even do activities like ride bikes through the woods .
a group of people that are standing next to each other . a silver camper covered in flower decals in a parking lot . a large recreational vehicle is parked ; an awning is set up from the side of the rv . man woman and child standing in front of a camper riding the bicycles down the trail through the park
the whole family came out to go camping . here is the trailer that some of us brought . the campground had picnic tables you can sit around . at night , the light from the trailer lit things up . mom , dad and kids had a great time .
a large family has gathered to enjoy an evening of grilling and camping together in the woods . a mobile health clinic decorated with stickers of flowers is sitting next to a picnic table . an rv at night time with blue lights on the inside and door open . a small family posing together in front of a camper outside a young boy and man are riding bicycles down a path .
i went hiking last week . i was in a new area , and i decided to explore . the views were vast and serene . i had gone a long way from home . i found a pool of water , where rested for the end of the day .
center of a valley of peaks and lows where a river runs through the center of it . a river flowing in a heavily forested area a desert scene with rocky , brush covered hills and small green trees against a blue sky . a hiker smirks towards the camera in a hat and sunglasses . a creek runs through the shade of a forest .
the camping trip was a great idea . the mountains were gorgeous . and , the river where we stayed ... was wonderful fishing . we loved to hike into the woods ... especially [female] . that was her favorite activity of the trip . i preferred the fishing in the pond and it was so peaceful .
a large forest surrounded by some mountains and a river a peaceful looking river in a wooded area . desert landscape with red rock you wrecking in background its important to wear sunglasses and a hat when hiking . translucent water covers the ground a rocks in a wooded area after a heavy rain .
i went hiking today . i found a large river . i saw lots of rock formations . i really enjoy taking photos . i ca n't wait to go back .
mountains are dotted with shrubs under a blue sky . a calm body of water surrounded by trees and nature . scrubby trees sit at the foot of a red mesa . middle aged lady posing for a picture wearing hiking gear a stream going through a beautiful wooded area .
the fair was featuring many attractions and events . the people were resting after seeing the attractions . the animals are too resting after a long day . as the people exist they witness some flowring plants . and proceed to eat some junk food as it is customary .
large rabbit sitting down behind hay bales and two people . people are sitting on hay bales at an outdoor festival . a black sheep is leaning against the side of the pen . large purple flower in front of yellow ones . a group of food signs are hanging on a wall
the fair was a lot of fun to go to this year . we watched some bands while sitting on the hay bales . the petting zoo was fun for the kids . we went and saw the prize winning flowers . of course we had to eat some fair food .
a giant rabbit made out of clay is surround by people taking pictures . a man and woman share a seat on a bale of hay . a black sheep laying in front of a food bowl some brightly colored flowers , specifically a purple one , dominate the image . a sign advertises a variety of fried snack foods , including twinkies and frog legs .
the couple took a trip to the ranch . the stopped by the petting zoo . they were able to touch several animals . they also enjoyed the flowers and plants . there was even an art exhibit .
a strange stuffed rabbit holding an american flag sits on a bale of hay . the couple are posing for the camera man . a black sheep is sitting inside of a caged area . a large blooming flower purple and white . the signs on the wall show the different things for sale
we walked along the outdoor mall and saw this cute fountain . next to it was this statute that was a cross between location and socrates . we then took a stroll down to the beach . we watched the tide come in as the sun started to set . my husband enjoyed watching the water and the sunset .
a fishing hook stuck to a spiky plant . a water fountain with green statues decorating the pool . a metal statue with the body of a man and elaborate different shapes for a head . a catholic religious symbol that is on display a doll with it 's head removed is laying on the table .
the baby cactus are many in the field a circle of love in sculptures is great in town view we all wonder when we visit each having our own views of the statue in standing the nice figurines showing family or a mother 's love for child being able to put your ideas on a figurine is an option of your choice
a plant by a tree has spiky quills statues of dancing frogs in a water feature a bronze metal statue of a naked man with different shapes on top of his body . a ceramic with children 's faces is on a tablecloth a white head sits beside a small box with a white body in it .
outside of the facility aloe plants were everywhere . beautiful statues depicted children playing in a pond . there was even a bronze statue that was as tall as the buildings . inside there were works from nearby artists . some of the art held a special and secretive message .
an earring is affixed to a cactus , likely marking the spot where its owner fell to a cactus-related death . a statue of playful , humanoid frogs rests amidst tall gress . a unique looking statue in front of a building . a wall design of mother [female] and [male] below a carving of a model in a box with the head kept outside
the horse race was a few minutes away from starting . each contestant was carrying their horses to the starting line . the horses had distinctive qualities , from the color of their hair to their size and strength . before the race started , i made a $ 200 bet with several of my friends that the horse with the # 7 tag will win .
a hold is being led by a man in a suit girl in green jacket walking a horse in a circle near a crown oaks sign . man wearing a suit and cap walking a horse down a red path . a person is walking a horse across the track the jockeys are riding their horses up to receive their awards .
the horse show was in town . she watched as the horse were walked by . some of the handlers were dressed to match to horses . number 2 had magnificent form , she thought to herself . winners were about to be announced , which had always been her favorite part of the show .
a beautiful horse being led before a panel of judges a woman walks a horse to a competition . a man is walking with a race horse . the race was about to begin when number two walked out strutting a horse show with riders on the horses and a large group of people watching .
i took speeding cousin lamprey to her first horse show today . here she is without her number on . first on the stage was some tough competition , gold farm . lucky strike of location location did not do quite as well . then it was my turn . i do n't think i 'll win , but it was fun .
the people are leading the horse through the grass . a woman is walking with a horse . a man is walking a hors around a running track a horse and his trainer are wearing the number 2 . two men riding horses are moving into the crowd .
after driving for hours we finally arrived at the camp site . the hike to the site was long . we must have been walking for at least an hour . finally we got there and set up camp . we had a huge fire at night and made some good food .
a man is standing on the concrete checking that his bags are securely packed . hikers are making their way down a path . people are walking on a gravel and dirt trail near grass a group of people in the woods sitting in a circle . a man is sitting in front of a campfire .
the friends had met up for the hike . they went onto the trail . after awhile they stopped to set up camp , and cook dinner . they hung out around the fire , and cooked food . later that night they ate in front of the fire , and talked about the day .
person preparing their backpack for camping in a parking lot . people in hiking gear walking down a dirt trail . two hikers lag behind the others on a wooded road . a group of people roasting hotdogs over a fire . a group of people camping out in the middle of the woods starting a raging fire
[male] thought gearing up for camping was a big hassle . and , then there was all the walking . the packs were heavy , the trail was long . but , when he made it to the campsite , he enjoyed seeing his friends . and , sitting around the campfire .
1 person preparing a medical device with rubber hoses people hiking down a dirt trail with backpacks surrounded by green trees . several hikers with various back packs and equipment . men and women are gathered in a circle at night a man is sitting in front of a camp fire .
it was a nice day in a beautiful city . the streets were paved with stones and lined with bright trees . a beautiful church stood in the middle of the town . there were also interesting statues . one building in town was very regal and full of windows .
a show venue with [organization] [organization] effigies on top of sign . a cobblestone street in front of buildings with a tree in front an old architectural building against a cloudy sky in the distance . buildings next to each other on a brick road with a fountain a large building with many windows looks deserted on a clear day .
i went on vacation last weekend . the buildings were all very old and beautiful . i stayed at a great resort . there were very few cars around . i had a great time there .
statues of the two [organization] [organization] are posed singing and dancing on a balcony above a sign that says das crazy . small courtyard outside of a museum with a large tree . people holding umbrellas walk past a large red brick building with several turrets . love the water fall in the middle by the buildings . building standing four stories tall with many windows throughout
we were so excited to be on holiday that we started it off by dancing on the balcony of our hotel . we rented a van so we could explore the streets of the town we were staying in . the castle that we passed was gorgeous and majestic . the buildings where the commoners live are also very nice . we are so enamored with this town that we are thinking of getting an apartment in this building !
a sign advertises a place called das crazy a blue car is parked around the side of a building a large building with spires towers over a rainy street . the bus is making its way down the wet cobblestone street . a large red and white building that stands high in the sky .
we got wasted we had a winter beach party everyone dressed up for the event lots of hotties came some were on mushrooms
a cup of beer has a smaller bottle of alcohol in it a woman sipping from a glass and holding a large beach ball a group of young adults are in [location] outfits having fun together . a man is grabbing a boy wearing a hoodie by the collar . a couple of kids are wearing tropical costumes
there was drinking , but that just enhanced the fun of the day . playing around with this ball kept everyone busy . of course we took a ton of pictures to commemorate things . even a few glamour shots ! but it was a lot of fun bonding with friends .
a glass of bear with a small bottle of alcohol dropped in it . a woman that is next to a colorful ball . a small group of people that are having a hawaiian themed party . a man raises his hands as another man holds him by the collar . hawaiian celebration with flowers and shirts as customs .
it was time to party . they found a huge beach ball to have at the party . a good time was had by all . the boys messed around with each other . the girls took many pictures .
a bottle of hard liquor dunked inside a glass of beer . a girl sitting next to a large beach ball . a group of people dancing and drinking at an island themed party a kid is getting punched in the throat two women are posing in a dark room
the girls were excited for the rodeo to show of the horses . the horses were also excited for the show . they were shown off to the crowd . there were all types of different breeds and sizes . they had a good time at the horse show .
horse leashes are used to grip the animal . a woman in cowgirl ha holding a horse while another woman holds a feed bag for the horse to eat out of . a woman training a beautiful horse how to walk . cowboys practicing with their horses for the rodeo . a person that is holding up an ice cream .
we 'd won ribbons before - we kept them around to inspire us . a little treat for the horse helped pep her up for the big day too . finally , it was time to go ! the judging unfolded in a blur . after a successful show , it was time for a relaxing , refreshing treat !
collars and harnesses hang from hooks on a wooden wall . the horse is smelling inside of the red tote bag . a women is leading a horse around a dirt arena . people sitting and standing in a dirt arena with horse she look like a true cowboy dressed up in her big belt buckle and 10 gallon hat .
the stable was full of horse gear . [female] fed the horses their oats . as part of the show , horses had to be led around the stadium . the show was pretty busy this season . this rider makes some last minute adjustments to her costume .
the stuff of dreams of dog show contestants hangs in this corner . one woman holding the reins of a horse while another woman holds a bag in front of its mouth . a cowgirl directing a horse on a lead . an arena with a dirt floor full of horses and green cones . a woman holding a popcycle while another woman fixes her clothing from behind
i went on a trip . to location location . i saw lots of neat buildings . and open spaces . like this cool park .
a quiet street corner has a blue newspaper machine and a stoplight . a photo of a street corner in a large city outside view of the [organization] [organization] and its front lawn eleven people standing in front of a classical white building . a group of trees that stand tall near the obelisk .
the city had several famous districts . there was a street that was very popular . the center of government was popular with tourists . visitors lined up outside to get a better glimpse . other historical monuments were just minutes away .
a woman walking towards the corner of a street . a street sign that is in front of the building . the american flag flies over the [organization] [organization] with a fountain in the foreground . people are walking by the fence in front of the [location] [location] . a photograph from the mall in [location] [location] with the [location] monument in the background .
we 're traveling somewhere , can you guess where we are from this photograph of a street we walked along on our way ? location ave ! we 're getting closer . today we went to the organization organization . the day was nice and a number of other tourists were out and about taking pictures in front of the president 's house . here 's an image of the location location that i took later in the day .
a street photo with a newspaper machine and a yellow sign . city street with a street sign in front of a tall building . sunlit view of the [location] [location] with the flag flying above and a fountain spraying in front a group of people stand by a black fence . a picture of the [organization] [organization] from far away .
i saw a chinese lion yesterday . it was almost as colorful as my umbrella . i also bought some statues . i finished the day by visiting fields of pink and yellow flowers .
a traditional chinese mask of a dragon with a white beard . the wooden inner workings of a blue umbrella . a porcelain painted statue of buddha kneeling down . the pink flower bloomed for the world to see . yellow flower blooming outdoors with its pores open .
a man went to the market and bought a cute stuffed toy for his wife . while there he bought an umbrella . he also bought a chinese figurine . the man then went to buy beautiful flowers for is wife . he found yellow flowers that were just as beautiful and bought those also .
the picture shows the type of chinese dragon you 'd see at a new year 's celebration . the underside of an wooden decorative shade parasol with blue fabric . very colorful porcelain buddha in foreground holding many objects beautiful pink flower that has blossomed very nicely a yellow flower with thin petals partially bloomed .
the flowers look ready to bloom fully . the colors of the dragon for the chinese new year parade are astounding . the figurine looks very life like . this figurine captures the pleasure of happiness fully . this is a close up of a flower getting ready to bloom fully .
this picture shows the type of chinese dragon you see in parades . the inside of a blue floral umbrella that is open . a statue of a bald [organization] monk holding a bowl of nuts an inside view of a pink flower with many pedals and stamen sticking out of the center . the brilliant yellow flower was in full bloom .
the sights on our vacation were amazing . the coastline was green and the water was blue . we had a great time swimming and playing in the water . the waves were incredible and i wish we could stay longer . we had an ocean view from our hotel room . here is a picture out of the window .
the girl is studying her paper on the computer . man kneeling down on a beach by the water a man in a red shirt stands in the ocean . a person running out of the surf onto a beach . the lit up sign of a restaurant at night
she was planning a vacation somewhere far away she decided on the ocean and it was great she ran across the beach and enjoyed it it was a great vacation choice for her
a woman at her desk working on her laptop . a man in a red shirt photographing waves in between two rock outcroppings . a man wearing a red shirt in the ocean . a group of person running in the sand and water coming near to them a sign for a restaurant sits in front of a small fence .
working on her homework before going out . taking a picture of the waves coming in . walking in the water . having fun and running away from the waves . late night dinner at the organization organization restaurant .
a woman sitting in front of a glowing laptop screen . a man in a red shirt is crouched watching the wave come in . a man wearing clothes wading into an ocean . a man is on a beach running in the sand . a sign for the [organization] [organization] and restaurant
it was warm night waiting for the fireworks to start . the first one was really low and close to the buildings , i hope the get up higher . opps , i think i excited and moved on that last one . these get getting better and better , glad i got this awesome view from my friends building . well that was the last of them , great times , not back to the drinking .
several apartment buildings lit up at night time an aerial skyline view of the bright city . white fireworks in the sky above a densely populated city a sky view of fireworks being exploded in the sky fireworks burst in a cloudy sky over a city skyline
last night we were at home minding our own business . i had just finished making some food to eat when we heard a loud noise . there were fireworks going off our building ! they went on for about five minutes ! it was a surprising event !
buildings with terraces seen at night , with many windows lit up.. a view of a city with fire works in the distance fireworks that are going off above the city . fireworks are exploding over the tall buildings in a city a cluster of fireworks that are in the sky .
from these buildings you can see the firework display . the colors are magnificent and reach over the buildings . when taking pictures of you have a slower shutter and fast aperture you can get a picture full of colors . fireworks keep going long into the night in some cities . the fireworks are sent up all over the city in honor of the fourth of july .
the building is large and has many different levels . the city has lots of tall and well lit buildings . fireworks over a city , make it seem like daylight . a beautiful cityscape with fireworks in the sky . fireworks are lighting up the orange city sky .
this was the beach by the college we were looking at . a lifeguard watching the water at the beach by our possibly new school . this cool looking boat was shuttling people across the water to campus . this bus brought the prospective students from the boat to the school . this was one of the hallways in the school .
many people are enjoying spending the day at the coastal beach a lifeguard in a yellow and red outfit guards the swimming pool . huge long boat on the water with city cat logo a bus is waiting at a station on a sunny day . a long tunnel has a black and white checkered pattern .
there was a building . and a beach . with a boat in the water . the building had a dome . and here are some trees .
a beautiful shot taken outside of the beautiful weather and the fun in the sun . a lifeguard stands near the deep water sign and watches over the swimmers in the pool . a water craft on a large body of water . a modern yellow bus sits curbside next to a building . a small tunnel with black and white checkerboard walls and guardrails on either side is leading to another room where several people are standing .
this city is a tourist haven during the summer , thanks to the warm weather and clear ocean water . even the hotels focus on the water activities for fun . this huge swimming pool is a great example of the fun in the water that is had in the area . boat rides in the river provide another water type form of entertainment . when people are all water logged , they can take the bus into town for shopping and eating . cool unique restaurants are everywhere in the area . the entrance to this eatery is a perfect example of how style and fun are the forefront of the downtown city area .
a group of people that are in a swimming pool . an image of a lifeguard that is watching the pool a blue boat named city cat in the river a yellow bus pulls up next to a building you enter the restaurant through a black and white checkered tile hallway .
it 's a surprise party ! he makes his wish and blows out the candles . opening up one of many presents . he received a great shirt for his birthday . gaming gloves always make a good gift .
the man and woman stand in a room decorated with stars . a picture of young girls under stars at a party . a man is drawing on a tablet with red lines . a young man , wearing a hawaiian lei , is holding and looking at a box with a toy in it . the decoration were great and the wallpainting added to the vibe .
the couple was happy they were dancing in the stars . the guy got a gift and saw a figure that he got before taking photos of the stars again .
a blurry picture of a couple attempting to kiss at a party . there are stars hanging and you can see a few people . the boy wrapped a present for his mother because it was her birthday . a man wearing a looks pleased with his toy . stars hang from the ceiling and on the walls , with colorful streamers .
it is a birthday party and the apartment is decorated . stars are hanging down from the ceiling . the birthday boys starts opening his presents . he opens his next present it was something he really wanted . a view of the ceiling and staircase are amazing .
a couple is getting ready to kiss in a decorated room . a room that is n't well lit and has people and hanging starts the person wearing the black t shirt is wrapping red rope around a box a male , wearing a lei , is opening gifts . there are paper stars hanging from the ceiling and on the walls .
i had a lot of work to do in my backyard . there was a lot of grass growing that needed to be cut . i also needed to replace the entire fence . some of the steps were crumbling . it was dangerous work .
the lush garden is full and green with foilage . a stone walkway in a back yard with overgrown bushes and a fence a wooden fence stands between a building and trees . small backdoor on the side of a small house . a broken piece of a house just sits there and there is damage .
i 've been hiding in this bush for days in order to sneak into someones house . i 've been waiting for the perfect moment to sneak in , everyone is gone so it 's time to strike . i ca n't jump this fence it 's too high for me to climb . the door is locked , i have to find a different way in . i broke some of the foundation and can crawl inside from the basement . success .
a bus is maintained and nurtured by a gardener . our little slice of heaven in the back of our home . a fence that is made directly from the wood . steps that lead to the entrance of the house . a foundation to a building that has crumbled .
zoomed in on a plant in the back yard . the scene is beautified by the shrubbery . the rustic gate blended well with the scene . the stairs led up to the house , which was in slight disrepair . the base of the house began caving in .
the overgrown bushes definitely need to be trimmed up . an image of a fence with green shrubs outside it a wooden fence blocks off a grassy area . the shadow from the tree has fallen on the cement porch steps . crumbling foundation showing crawlspace and foundation splitting above it .
visiting a working windmill . the curator explains how the windmill works . giant machinery inside the windmill . a small piece of machinery helps the windmill keep working . another photo of the inner workings of the windmill .
a woman is standing in the grass holding a piece of art work . from below , the black windmill seems tall and unmoving . metal gears and wooden poles inside a wood building with people watching a giant wheel has tons of white edges and black spokes a screen shot of a website with a map .
our small town decided to reconstruct our windmill . the governor of our town talked about the importance of the windmill . the windmill was used to bring electricity to our town many years ago . the windmill featured gears made out of aluminum and wood . an operator is used to operate the windmill with a level/crank in case their is an electricity shortage . a few of the gears inside the windmill had to be replaced and reconstructed . the gears were wearing thin and caused electricity shortages in the city .
an old lady holding an old white stool . a windmill turns in the beautiful blue sky . two people standing next to large gears and wheels on poles that extend up to the ceiling . a wheels make of wood and iron is working as a gear a web search on a site called block rocker showing off geography and house .
we went to the park to do research on windmills . we were allowed to see the biggest windmill from up close . inside , we were able to see the cogs . up close , we were able to see the gears that turned the windmill . we went online to write what we had learned .
a woman stands outside in the grass , holding a white contraption . windmills are a good way to provide renewable energy . three people are looking up at a large black gear crank . a large cog is turning in a machine a screenshot with an ariel view and listings .
a picture of the certificate for baby [male] 's event . the proud grandparents took a nice photo together . the happy couple with baby and his auntie . here is the happy couple again with great grandma . a picture of the lovely cake for baby [male] 's special day .
a birth certificate written in hebrew and english denotes a child 's name . two women and a man posing for a picture one of the two women in the picture is holding a baby . three people take a picture with the new baby . white and blue birthday cake featuring balloons and sprinkles .
a beautiful certificate we were presented with for his bris . thankful to all that were able to come celebrate . mom , dad , baby and grandma . great grandma with mom , dad , and baby . this cake was so cute , and so so tasty .
a certificate of birth in hebrew is laying on the table . three elderly persons standing side by side in a room a group of people that are next to each other . an adult male and two adult females stand together with a baby a cake that reads , `` mazal tov [male] [male] '' .
heres a certificate for our baby , told ya mom he was real ! the whole family met to celebrate , generations all under one roof . mom loves taking pictures with us , she cant let go of the baby . grandma too had to have some pictures . we didnt mind though , we are one big happy family . [male] [male] might be too young for his cake but we all loved it for him .
yellow , ornate certificate with handwriting on it signifying some kind of certification , group of people posed for a picture in office area a woman is holding a small baby . the new parents are taking a picture with the new baby and grandma . a birthday cake for a baby is on display .
a racer parks his car and heads to the event . an american flag is raised at the starting line . individuals are given numbers to identify themselves . people begin to race as the gun sounds . at the finish line , racers can see their time .
a woman steps outside of a black car after parking on the side of a city street . many people are in the busy street , with an american flag flying overhead . runners wear numbers and stand and wait for the race to start . the runners paced themselves as they ran the course . people that are watching on as others run a marathon .
today marks the day that i ran my first marathon . the crowd is getting worked up and ready to run ! the torch carrier signified the start of the race . number 2270 , that 's me ! another keepsake for my scrapbook . i did n't come in first , but i did n't come in last ! i did it !
a woman in a red toboggan is exiting a black car . police prepare an area for a coming parade the numbers 2270 and 2222 are visible on papers for what looks like some type of competition . a group of people are are on the street running a race . the person is running down the street towards the others .
[female] got out of the car to go to her marathon . everyone was already lined up . she was almost late ! she was number 2270 . she put the number sticker on her shirt . everyone started running as the announcer said `` start ! '' [female] kept a good pace , and may not have come in first . but she was just happy to finish .
a person getting out of a black car onto the street there is an american flag hanging over the middle of the street . a marathon runner has the number 2270 and another runner has their hands together . the people are running on the street under the american flag . a runner is finishing the race at 24:41 in cloudy weather .
we are on our way to worship god . here is our beautiful mosque . we all bow down to pray to our god . we greet each other . we are happy to come together to worship .
a group of people walk towards a building near a skyline . a group of men walks across a lot toward a building . the interior of a crowded church under a domed ceiling . two men at a mosque are embracing while standing in a crowd . group of men gathering , having a conversation and smiling alot .
my family visited a neat city last [female] . it had great sites and very big buildings . the people all gathered in the streets to talk and pray . they were always happy to see each other . we talked with these men before going home that day .
a large yellow crane hangs over the pedestrians on the street . a gathering of young people heading to the mosque congregation of muslims listening to speech given by a cleric a man in a red and white striped shirt hugs another man in a blue shirt . a group of young men standing on a street sidewalk , turn to focus their attention up the street .
our group went sightseeing on our recent trip . we saw some beautiful buildings . the interior of this one was amazing ! we even ran into an old friend while we were sightseeing . we really enjoyed our trip .
a group of people that are touring the building . several men are walking towards a white stone temple . a large group of people in a circular building . two men are hugging each other and are in a crowd of men . a group of people that are standing next to each other .
chrissie took her friend to the zoo . there were n't a lot of visitors this early in the day . however , all the animals were out including this cute meerkat . the flamingos were dancing about . and this pelican was cleaning his previous meal off his feather.s
tow ladies with sunglasses on smiling for a close-up picture of their faces in front of the ocean . a rounded metal building has a garden in front with a pond . the animal set in the sun as the other ran away plenty of flamingos at the park that day . the pelican on the rock looking for today 's lunch
i went to the zoo and temples with my best friend this vacation . here is us trying out our new selfie stick . we saw many animals in the zoo including this little guy . we both liked the flamingos , they are very interesting . we relaxed the night away after a long day on the beach and prepared for more fun the next day .
2 women smiling for the camera while wearing sunglasses an image of a huge building with water in front of it a small animal is sitting on a rock in the sun . flamingos display their ability to balance on one leg . white pelican grooming itself on a rock in the water
took a trip to florida . this is our lavish hotel . nice is n't it ? local animals , they looks scary . oh , real flamingos , better than seeing the plastic yard flamingos . here is a sunbathing pelican . i think it 's a pelican .
two women taking a selfie with sunglasses on the large , rounded building has a lake in front of it . a small animal sits on a rock and turns to look behind it . a flock of pink flamingos standing in front of a body of water . a seagull is standing on a rock near water
the brown family held their annual reunion at the amusement park . the picnic was fun for all ages ! along the midway , there were so many games to play and goodies to eat . grandma and aunt [female] went everywhere [male] wanted to go -- what good sports ! this roller coaster was very popular , but it 's much too high for me . i thought this one would be more relaxing , but it had some scary twists and turns that surprised me . still , i loved it !
a group of people with several laid out blankets enjoy a picnic in the park the market square is filled with different types of items . a boy holds the hands of a woman with a backpack while another woman holds a purse and a black bag . people standing in front of concession stands with roller coaster in background . the tracks of a roller coaster coming in and out of a building .
big family get together at the park . the kids want to go ride rides . look at all the people already . going to have to push our way through to get where we want to go . [male] is really ready to get on some rides . grandma is pushing people out of the way . the roller coaster was totally awesome . the kids did n't want to ride it . they rode this one though . it was a great day even with grandma acting like a crazy lady pushing people all day .
people at a picnic sitting on blankets that are on the grass busy amusement park in switz with many people going about their days a family wearing backpacks stands in the crowd in the shopping district . s roller coaster 's track can be seen during the day the very big play area is very colorful
a group of family friends gathered for a picnic . everyone present grabbed a comfy spot on the blankets to start eating. , some of the kids became restless as they waited to go to the amusement park afterward . one kid became so cranky that he started to cry before his mother picked him up . his tears all dried when they found themselves at the amusement park !
people are sitting on picnic blankets on a grassy field a group of people are walking at an amusement park . two women and a little boy are walking down a street with a lot of shops . several people at a amusement park by a roller coaster part of a roller coaster 's track can be seen
everyone gathered around for the cat show . many brought their cats in hopes of winning a prize . this cat received a lot of attention . the judges inspected the cat for points . a winner was chosen before the night was through .
a pretty girl posing at what looks to be an exhibit of some kind . a woman standing behind a cat which is standing on top of a small table . the man wearing a black sweater is carrying a dog which is white in colour a black and white cat reclines in a cage with purple and yellow toys . a cat inside of a cage with a ribbon on it
everything was cat related at the cat show , even the jackets . the first kitty up was quite beautiful with it 's gray-ish fur . there was an albino up next . i walked around and saw a siamese with an interesting spot pattern on it 's face . there was a calico that won best in show .
a woman with some classy boots sits next to a drawing of a cat a show cat stands on a platform beside its trainer . having a conversation while holding a beautiful white cat . a cat sitting on an orange and purple pillow a cat sitting in a cage with prize ribbons attached to it .
my sister dared me to go to a cat show . some of the cats were interesting looking , and very elegant . we saw a man holding a fluffy white cat and they had the same facial expression . one cat had a very angular , creepy looking face . a very basic orange and white cat won a lot of ribbons . i did n't understand any of it .
a young lady in jeans and a jacket sitting down . a woman looking at a short haired cat . he was excited to tell everything he could about this rare breed of cat a sleepy cat in a cage with a black and white face . the cat in the cage won of big red ribbon
our family was planning a long road trip we gathered our stuff at the storage space , and set out on the road . when we arrived at the beach house we were staying at , it was gorgeous and modern ! we went hiking on the beach and saw beautiful scenery . when it was time to go home , i did n't want to leave .
a truck is parked on the side of the walkway at the local park . there are sign boards showing directions by the road side while two lorries have been parked by the roadside as well a condo with a cage looking balcony set up a sandy hill with a forest in front if it there are no cars driving on a cloudy day .
arriving at the beach . the sun was n't out . so we explored instead . the beaches were quiet . we went back to the parking site and left .
my truck is parked in a park surrounded by trees . buses are parked outside a building in an overcast city . this is a picture of the outside of an apartment . a scenic mountain overlook with trees and a town in the distance . a road is lined with houses and palm trees .
the family stayed at the camp grounds while looking for a place to live . the campgrounds had a great view . one place they looked were these apartments . after looking around for awhile they took in the views around the area . they then decided to go down farther to see what else they could find .
parking lot in front of the entrance to a national park a view of apartments in the distance behind the convenience store . the building is white and has lots of windows and balconies beautiful overlook from atop a mountain where cities and towns below are visible . a residential street lined with palm trees gently slopes toward the ocean .
sunsets on the island is amazing if you are lucky you will see a pelican most of the time at the marina there is nothing happening even the dog has fun alone the marina shop offers great breakfast
the water and the sky both look gray . the pelican is flying very low over the water . a raisin muffin and cup of hot chocolate wait for someone to consume them . a dog wearing a blue leash sits along a dock . dinner consisted of grilled spare ribs , baked potato with sour cream dressing and corn on the cob .
it was father 's day , so i took my dad o the beach . we could see some birds flying closely across the water looking for food . we had breakfast a a local diner , the muffins were delicious ! of course we had to bring the dog with us . later that evening we had a great steak dinner .
gray clouds gather over the calm blue water a large pelican is flying just above the water . a plate is full of slices of cinnamon raisin bread a dog sitting on a pier with his leash attached to nothing . a plate has a full meal containing corn , mashed potatoes , and ribs .
the sunrise this morning at our vacation house was spectacular . a single bird soared above the water . we had our traditional coffee and hot crossed bun breakfast . punk , our dog , was eager for the day to get started . we had a very hearty supper that night -- -pork , mashed potatoes with sour cream and corn on the cob .
dark clouds are over the bay making the still water seem unsettled . a pelican flying low over the surface of the water two buns sit on a plate next to some hot chocolate dog let off leash on boardwalk by the water . a plate of food with steak , corn , and potatoes
this is our first preview of the new restaurant . the decorations did n't seem like much . we had heard that this restaurant would be good though . we had a view of the train out of the window . the walls were plastered with these designs .
a black and white sign that is about parking a picture of a small fountain with two birds on top and a bottle beside it this neon sign belongs to efes one - a turkish restaurant . train waiting at the platform on a dark night a cover is shown in many different shades and covers
first we parked in the new area . in our first ship we found a unique antique . near the restaurant we found more neon lights . the city and subway were well lit . we saw several pieces of art around the city .
a sign lets customers know to park in the rear of the building . a concrete fountain is seen with ropes and flowers . a multicolored neon sign advertises turkish food . a subway train is pulling into the station . a series of nine signs in a tic tac toe design .
we wen to a coffee shop . the coffee there was amazing . there was some interesting decorations . it was getting rather late . so we had to go home .
the sign indicates that parking is available in the rear an image of a can of beer next to a statue the sign , `` efes one licensed turkish restaurant '' is lit up in red , white and blue . the train is on the tracks and parked at the platform . a different group of colors on the signs , they are all the same .
my band was getting ready for our concert . we had the piano nearly set up . ringo was warming up on the drums . and [male] was testing the sound system . the concert hall was no location location house or organization organization , but it was ours .
a large power block feeds a variety of electrical cords . a keyboard set sits indoors with its lights on . a man in a striped shirt is playing with some drums . the man at the back of the instruments ais an artist geometric shapes compose buildings in three different shapes .
dont ' worry i know which wire goes where ... now was that red to green or green to black ? i swear these things multiply in the case finally able to find my rhythm ok i think we are finally ready to rock honey are our seats in the pyramid , the igloo or the rubiks cube ?
a group of wires are plugged into a source . different sets of pianos all around each other . a young man plays on a drum set indoors at a recording studio . the director needs help with the equipment before the actor arrive . geometric buildings shine in the low light of the day .
this is the band room . this is there way of plugging up everything , can you say fire hazard ? this is the keyboard . this is our drummer , drumming . another view of our big bandroom cool building hah , this is the outside .
multiple drop cords of various colors plugged into a portable power station drop cord keyboards are displayed for sale in a building . a man playing drums surrounded by other instruments . a man is setting up electronics for an event . the buildings are in a square , dome , and pyramid shape .
i decided to throw myself a big party for my 30th birthday . i arranged all the details with the restaurant manager . we went over the theme and found some stickers that would work for it . i loved how the table looked as we prepared for guests . the restaurant was just what i wanted -- -elegant but warm . i had a lot of fun preparing the dessert tray , complete with some whoopie pies to celebrate my location heritage !
lady with beautiful smile and colorful dress , posing for the camera . the woman in a red and white shirt gives the man a sticker this is a white table with cups and plates the tables are set and the lights are dim for dinner a plate full of cupcakes with different icings .
i am so excited for dinner tonight . we received our seats and were escorted to our table . the table was very beautiful . we were the only ones dining at the time so it was very peaceful . for dessert we had a lot of sweets .
a woman smiling and standing in front of a curio cabinet a woman is handing out a sticker to a man . an elegant table is set to accommodate six diners . a dining room is set up for a formal dinner . a flower is on the plate with cupcakes .
this is the first female mayoral candidate this town has ever had . she is personally handing each of her supporters a campaign sticker . the fundraising dinner starts at 6:30 . there will be about 75 people coming to support her . the night will end with a delicious assortment of desserts .
a lady poses in her dining room for a picture a woman giving a man a sticker from her page of stickers , a dinner table that has lots of dishes on it . an elegant restaurant with dim lighting and no customers . assorted pastries are arrranged on a large plate
we had a great time at the company party . even [male] showed up . [female] was excited to be there as well . [female] said there was going to be a special announcement . it had something to do with [female] . [male] and [female] announced they are getting married .
an unshaven man with dreadlocks is smiling slyly . a woman is wearing glasses in the sun during the day a woman with black hair is sitting at a bar . a blond hair woman with blue eyes smiling and a woman next to her . a man with dreadlocks and a blonde woman are smiling together .
he is waiting for a friend . she does n't like being in a picture . our bartender was very nice . a woman that we met has a great smile . her husband also has a great smile .
man with beard and dread locks is waiting . a young lady wearing a denim jacket and glasses . [female] was delighted to be able to be the next speaker . a smiling woman looking at the camera with other people in background . the man and woman are hugging and happy .
we met that night for a chat and drinks . all my friends were there including my childhood friend . my other friends pretended to be tough . this lovely lady was also invited to drink with us . we had a lot of fun and laughs at the end of the night .
a man wearing sunglasses on his head smiles . a woman with glasses and a denim jacket . lady with red and black hair and red lipstick . a blue eyed , blonde haired woman smiling and laughing with glee while another lady and gentleman talk in the background . a black man and white women hugging and smiling .
i love to visit weidner 's burial lot . it 's just a tiny little plot with some very old graves . the markings on the headstones are beautiful . i like to imagine what these people were like in life . someone still cares enough to place a flag on one of the headstones .
rectangle brown sign that says weidners burial lot on it . several tombstones stand next to each other in a small cemetery . the head stone is marked with dates and a name . six gray tombstones in front of a wall with one american flag the american flag leans against very old gravestones .
visiting weidners burial lot . there is a lot of tombstones . weidners tomb stone . the families lot . with an american flag on the ground .
a brown sign is talking about a burial lot in [location] a bunch of what looks like tombstones in a plot . this is someone 's final resting place in a cemetary . gravestones are on the ground with a flag in the middle . two tombstones sit decorated with the [location] flag .
we visited organization organization organization . there were a lot of old graves there . i saw my relatives graves from the 1800s . some of them were so old you could n't read them . but one was remembered with an american flag .
a bronze plaque on a concrete wall . small cemetery with old worn stones surrounded by a rock wall . the gravestone of [male] b. weidner dated from 1825 to 1892 . a flag rises from one of many tombstones . three tombstones in brown grass , one with a tilted flag .
i 've stored my luggage away and i 'm ready to set sail on my once in a lifetime vacation . to pass the time , i ate a small meal in my room . the first thing i noticed upon arrival was the sparkling blue ocean and white sand . i dared my friend to go flying . she took the dare and flew high like a kite .
a man stands on the deck of a cruise ship inside a cruise cabin a man sips a drink while looking out of the window . a beach scene in the sun with cut palm trees and sand . a woman on a platform going to jump into the water . someone gets the thrill of their life on a parachute .
the cruise ship staff worked to get the ship ready for the guests to arrive . one guest in particular , [male] , was so excited when he got to his room . he could n't wait for the ship to stop at private beaches , while his wife [female] could n't wait to parasail .
a person walking on the deck of a ship . man sitting down inside of a room looking out a window . a very alluring and beautiful tropical beach with palm trees , and the ocean waves hitting the beach , cool breeze blowing from the ocean the woman is standing on the platform by the water . a man descends to the ground using a colorful parachute
they wanted to enjoy a fantastic location vacation . they were able to do a lot of different activities like paragliding . something else they did that they enjoyed was exploring caves near by in a tour group . though there were some rainy days , there was always something to do on the ship . they would visit the pool on rainy days and just relax .
man walking along the deck of a cruise ship a man is enjoying a drin a he is looking out the window . palm trees are lined up along the beach . a woman is standing on the ledge with swimming gear on person sky diving with a very colorful parachute .
i went down to the beach last weekend . there was no one else there . i had a great time . i invited my girlfriend with me . it was a lot of fun .
a gloomy depiction of a coastal beach with rocks a beach with white waves crashing onto it a lone concrete bench sits in an empty field . a couple of people are standing near the beach the waves lashing the sand on a beach with clouds in the sky .
jeb takes a nice picture of the view . the waves just washing up to the shores . jeb finds this bench on the beach and finds it very interesting . he and his wife walk along side the beach holding hands . such a wonderful day jeb and his wife are having .
the beach is very gray and rocky in this photo a desolate , empty beach with many waves rolling in an empty bench placed behind a mud puddle in the middle of nowhere . a couple walking along a beach , watching the rough waves . waves gently rolling in to the shore at sunset
this was a place untouched by man . there was no litter anywhere , no footprints even in the sand . when the tide came in the water was clear of any garbage . people had really tried to keep this place serene . unfortunately , the touch of man is n't far behind .
it was a dreary , cloudy day at the rock-covered beach a large body of water brushing up against the land formations a stone bench out in the open . the grass is dead people are standing out near the water of a beach waves crash onto a beach underneath a cloudy sky .
this rock looked very dramatic with the waves ! the water was very striking and fascinating . saw a deer in the woods later on and had to grab a pic ! and this bird as well , almost seemed to be posing for the camera ! my favorites though were these otters .
rocks are being beaten by waves near the cliff . an otter that is floating in the water on his back a deer standing in tall brush in front of a tree trunk . a bird perching on the branch of a tree . several dark seals in water beside icy branches and rocks
i walked down to the shore last week . the waves were rolling in peacefully . there was no one else there . i had a great time watching the waves . there was a little bird watching me nearby .
an outdoors scene with a beach and waves crashing against the rocks is shown . a small island of rock is in the center of the water . the seals are playing in the water and high waves . a young deer is hiding in the bushes . a full breasted bird perched upon a branch . aquatic animals floating in water next to kelp .
location is such an amazing place to visit . it has wildlife in the ocean like sea lions . it has native deer that frequent the northwest . it has beautiful birds to look at and take photos of . in the end , location is a swell place to visit .
several birds perched upon a rock in the ocean with waves crashing around it a calm seal eating some food in the waves . a deer is laying down in the brush of a forest . a brown bird is perched on a branch . two sea otters frolic in the water near some debris .
yesterday was [male] 's first day at the beach . he ran in and out of the water . he even layed on the sand to see what it would look like from a crabs eye view . [male] built sand castles with motes . [male] had a wonderful time at the shore and wants to go back again .
a young boy posing in front of the ocean . a young boy is running through the water . a young boy enjoys the surf on a warm day . the boy decided to play in the sand as he watchedthe seashore . a young boy wearing a blue hat is playing in the sand .
[male] 's first time at the beach . he tests out the water . its way too cold and scary for him . he decides to just stare at it . then , he plays in the sand .
a young boy with a hat smiles for a picture at the shoreline . a boy in a shirt and shorts on the beach a little boy is running in the ocean water a young boy laying in the wet sand on the edge of the ocean a child creating a sand sculpture in a beach
little boy having a wonderful day at the beach he goes in the water and starts to run way from the waves then lays down on the sand and look at the ocean then build sandcastles before he goes
an ugly kid is on the beach doing a stupid pose . a child on the beach and in the water on a overcast day . the little boy is running to shore away from the wave . small child laying on his stomach on the edge of water . the little boy is playing in the sand with his pail and bucket .
our family went to a new venue for 4th of july fireworks this year . the show was spectacular . we had very close seats with a perfect view . this one looked like an amoeba ! the finale was awesome !
a cluster of fireworks that are shot up in the sky . a night sky filled with multicolored exploding fireworks . large white , pink , and orange fireworks are exploding in the sky . a purple light show at night showing strings of shapes multi-colored fireworks are busting to life in the nighttime sky .
the fireworks show was outstanding . there were many different colored explosions . the sky lit up so much . there were many fantastic firework effects . the ending consisted of red , green , and orange fireworks .
the fireworks are exploding in the sky with many colors . gorgeous fire works exploding in colors of white , red and green . a nice round firework is shooting in pitch black sky a picture of a firework going off in the night sky . a bunch of fireworks explode in the night sky
i love to see and photograph fireworks . there are so many different kinds with different lights . i have to photograph every one i see . all of the different designs are so pretty . the way they light up the night sky makes me so inspired !
a firework explodes in the night sky , leaving trails of light from the center of the explosion . fireworks bursting in the sky . the top is red and green the bottom is white . a multi-colored firework exploding in the night sky an abstract circular collection of curlicues shaded in light purple fans out from a central point . colorful fireworks explode and shine in the night sky .
we first went at the shores to get a closer look at the incredible view of the city . we can see the apartment we rented for the week . it has a great view . i took this pictures of the mallards . they enjoying the light breeze of the afternoon . i asked the local about this log , apparently it came from a old crusade boat that sinked here . this is where we sat and admired the vast location sea .
the view of the ocean front on the side of the town geese laying in the sand next to a body of water . yellow cluster of daisies and leaves filling entire image statue of a stone fish on a wind direction . a stone cast with a name and a proverb written on it
an overstressed person decided to head to the water to quiet their mind . as they strolled along the sandy beach , they stumbled across this family of geese . after being chased away by the hissing geese for getting too close , they moved away from the beach and found an array of colorful and fragrant flowers . they also found a few cool weathervanes to admire . this fish was one of their favorites . before leaving they found this inspirational quote that put things in perspective .
a view of a city in the distance along a large body of water four ducks are relaxing on a sandy beach beautiful yellow flowers with a couple large bumblebees sitting there getting nectar a statue of a fish sits on top of a weather vane . a hackneyed saying as epitaph on the tombstone of a dead man .
i decided to quit my job and move to an island , for a big change of pace . the island was almost deserted . the geese were my only friends . in solitude , i had time to contemplate the small things in life . i thought a lot about myself , and the direction in which i had been headed , and where i wanted to go now . in unlikely places , i found words of wisdom , and i continued on my journey .
a beautiful landscape view of an ocean an a city . this is a picture of two geese on the beach . a bumble bee is sitting on one of the yellow flowers in the bunch . a statue of a fish that looks like a compass a quote from a person on a piece of stone .
the little boy enjoyed playing with his toy dinosaur before the easter egg hunt began . he even included his little brother in on the play when he decided to switch to his toy cars . of course the toys were long forgotten once the egg hunt began . the little boy found a lot of eggs but his favorite was by far those filled with chocolate . the adults were all tired after hiding the eggs and helping the children find them .
a white little boy playing with a green dinosaur a boy is on top of table touching a car . two children holding baskets are searching for eggs in a field a boy is dressed up and enjoying eatoing something for easter . a large family consisting mostly of adults is gathered in the living room
easter is a time for family to get together . all of the kids get to show off their new easter outfits . but their favorite part is of course the easter egg hunt . he managed to get quite a haul of eggs . after the egg hunt everyone sits down in the front room to visit and talk .
a young boy is playing with a toy dinosaur . two boys playing with a toy on a coffee table . a young girl holding a basket standing next to another child . the young boy is enjoying his eggs and candy a large family sits in a circle on couches and chairs in a living room .
for easter we had our grand children over to hunt for eggs . while the eggs were being placed , the kids played inside . two of the grandkids looked in the grass by the bushes . [male] was excited to eat the candy in the eggs . after hunting for eggs , everybody hung out in the living room
boy playing with a small green dinosaur in front of a woman . a little boy in a sweatervest pushes a car across a coffee table while his similarly dressed brother watches . two children dressed in fancy clothes are carrying baskets and walking through a yard . a little boy eating candy while sitting on the floor with a basket full of plastic eggs in front of him . many people sitting around in a living room .
we went to the local firework show they were so big and loud some of them were all different colors this one was one of our favorites and it all ended with a huge display
fireworks in the sky over lights in a city . red , white and blue fireworks exploding in a dark sky . red , white and blue fireworks exploding over a city . a very small firework display on a balcony overlooking a city . the red fireworks display over a large city during nighttime is beautiful .
there were a lot of fireworks in the sky last night . i did n't know what holiday they were celebrating . they had a wonderful show . there were many different types of fireworks . it lasted for almost half an hour before it ended .
fireworks upo in the night sky over the city lights . red , white , and blue fireworks are exploding above an illuminated city at night . the fireworks hover in the art and contain a blue , red , and white set of colors . a fireworks display at night in the city . red and white fireworks exploding in the dark sky .
the fireworks were bright and many different colors . they were blues and purples and they were huge in the sky .
fireworks are going off over a city at night . red green and white fire works go off over a brightly lit town . fireworks that are red white and blue exploding over the city skyline . the exploding fireworks yield long streaks of white light . red fireworks are going off outside at night .
that afternoon was much like any other day . the brothers spent time riding their bikes and having fun . but when they got home , there were two surprises waiting . the older brother saw his surprise first : a pet gerbil . he named it hercules . the second surprise was waiting for them in their bedroom : a black lab . the younger brother held it and smiled . it wore a pretty blue collar and they named it blue . blue loved to sit and watch the boys as they watched tv in the living room . he would look up at them and study their expressions . blue also loved to play outside in the grass . he became their best friend .
two young boys wearing helmets are sitting on bikes in a parking lot and smiling at the camera . the little boy loves his stuffed animal that he got . little boy posing with his new puppy who 's not happy a black dog is laying on the hardwood floor a black dog looks very happy laying down in the grass
i finally learned to ride my bike today ! we had a lot of fun ! this is my rat . she is white and loves to cuddle . i got a new puppy ! i am oh so happy ! this is my puppy lying on the carpet . this is my puppy lying in the grass outside , i love him !
two children that are riding a bike on the road . a fat kid posing with a small hamster a young boy cuddles with a black puppy . a shiny black dog relaxing on the ground . a small black dog laying down in some grass .
meet [male] and [male] . [male] is studious and has a great personality . [male] loves sports and the arts . they have dog named knox who they love dearly . knox had puppies and now [male] and [male] take care of the puppies every day .
the boys are riding their bikes through a parking lot . a boy holds a small animal in his hand and looks at the camera . the young boy is holding a young black puppy . a black dog is looking sad at the camera a black dog has a lazy day in the sun .
on the first day of our vacation , we went sight-seeing on the edge of a rocky cliff . we hiked across a grassy plain and enjoyed the weather . on the next day , we visited the nearby city . all of the buildings were tall and magnificent . at the end of the day , everyone was tired of adventuring and ready for bed .
a man and woman standing on top of a rocky cliff , overlooking a body of water beneath a blue sky . a woman climbs up a hill created from a landfill . people walk across a cobblestone street toward an old stone church . a statue of a woman and two children on top of a brick building . a man lies in a wooden four poster bed with lamps on each side .
i loved this statue . it was near that big stone building . then i went to bed . but i got back out of bed . and yet you still kept taking photos ... .
the couple are standing on the rock peak . a person wearing a backpack is walking on mossy rocks . an architecturally attractive building is featured in the background with a handful of pedestrians walking by . a statue of a woman helping several children atop a stone pedestal . a man lying in a very large bed with a canopy .
here we are , on one of the biggest outcroppings in the country . we took a bit of a trip with our tour guide to this gorgeous field . soon , we were seeing all the pre-modern architecture and churches in location . we were so scared when we saw this one , we thought it was human ! we turned in for the night not too long after that .
a couple pose at the summit of a cliff overlooking the vast ocean . a woman walking up a rocky path into the open land . large church brick building with people walking in front of it a statue is sitting on top of a column . a man lying in his nice bed , in a messy bedroom .
there were tons of people at the protest . i had a great time meeting new people there . they all had some very interesting things to say . after a while it got even more crowded . i decided to leave while i had the chance .
woman in a light green shirt holding a stationary pad and pencil a young woman sitting on a couch holding material teenage girl sitting on a colorful couch , opening an equally colorful gift . a gossamer curtain adorns a window in a blue bedroom . two asian women stare at something that is giving out light
it 's her birthday , she has presents to open . she is happy sitting on her couch . there are many pillows all around the girls legs . at night the room is dimly lit . her friends are gon na present her with a cake .
a woman is on a couch looking at something in her hand . the woman in the yellow shirt is opening a gift . a woman is sitting on a couch and is holding bubble wrap an orange light is at the end of a window drape two ladies in the kitchen one of them wearing glasses
it rained at the track and field event today . nevertheless , they had it anyways . bikes like these have poor brakes in the rain . the runners ran in the rain . later they passed out awards .
what a beautiful gift , it exactly what i wanted . a woman sitting on the sofa and looking at a smoked colored plaque a woman sitting on a green couch with a bag between her legs . the light is shining through the long thin curtain . the two girls are in the kitchen looking at something .
the day started off with a picture of mr. [female] the pooh bear and his christmas hat . we passed through the tallest lit tree , with colorful lights cascading through the tree . we saw beautiful lit rides that sparkled with fun . one had a large organization organization organization right in the front . we passed by the fountain that dances with any song . then ended out trip through location location red lit village .
a lady stands in front of a display of honeypots with [female] the pooh . a tree with decorations lit up at night with people standing around lights from the roller coaster and [organization] wheel are reflected in the nearby body of water at night . a group of people that are performing on stage . a building is lit up with a ton of lights
the trip to organization land was great . the christmas tree was amazing ! the fairs wheel with mickey was my favorite . the lighting show was beautiful . the lighted city was beyond gorgeous .
winnie-the-pooh and a female posing for a photo at an amusement park . an enormous christmas tree is covered in lights . carnival ride featuring mickey mouse on the ferris wheel a colorful stage scene with [male] mouse to the right and a dark crowd in foreground a group of people looking at colorful christmas decorations
my daughter loved being able to meet tigger at our recent organization adventure . we had never been during the christmas holidays . the decorations were amazing . my husband and son rode all the roller coasters while my daughter and i admired all the lights . they had an amazing light show the night we were there . my husband even loved the lights after dark and was happy we had stayed late . it was a success .
woman with famous children 's story character pose for photo during festive event . a colorfully lit and decorated christmas tree stands in front of a large building . paradise pier roller coaster on right and large [location] [location] [location] wheel on right in night scene the musical was fasinating and dramatic very colorful a beautiful display of a little city sculpture featuring many colored lights
waiting for the bus can be a painful experience . but this couple entertained themselves , they cuddled up close for warmth and enjoyed the extra few minutes that they had to focus on each other . this group of friends also used each other to entertain themselves while they waited . until finally , the bus pulled up , and everyone got on it . soon , they would be at their final destination and would carry out their normal , routine lives .
bus waiting for passengers as young woman crosses the street . two people standing on a corner near their luggage . a man holding carry on luggage is saying goodbye to his girlfriend . three young men stand on a street . it is cool out , they are dressed warmly . they may be students as at least two of them have school-type bags . the big white bus on the street is call eastern .
the bus ready to depart . the girlfriend accompanied her boyfriend to the bus stop . final goodbye , final hug and final kiss . man saying his farewells to his friends . the eastern bus departing with the passengers .
a white bus stops on a busy street in a city . a man and woman are sitting on a street corner two people hugging while holding luggage bags outside . three young men stand on a sidewalk with bags at their feet . a large white bus driving through a city
the day she left was rather wet and dreary . we had to cross the street in order to get to the bus pick-up location . her suitcases become quite heavy after walking just a few blocks . one last embrace as the motor coach will be arriving soon . the motor coach finally arrived and she was happy to have her luggage loaded and sit down .
woman crossing the street in front of traffic that includes a large bus young , dark skinned man and woman standing on sidewalk with luggage . man and woman stand on sidewalk with two bags . three guys talk on the side of the road the eastern bus drives down a crowded street .
today was the day that i had my family come over and where i used my mom 's recipe for all my dishes . we started off with this one as the main dish . this was the salad to the main dish . i was nervous but it really looks nice and i was pleased with the outcome . then lastly , i made the dessert that i knew everyone liked that mom used to make . then i had everyone sit at the table to get a picture and to serve them dinner . everyone loved it ! then i went into the kitchen and saw the mess that i forgot was there . it only took 35 minutes to clean up and it was so worth it !
a tray full of half-tomatoes are studded with tuna salad . three sections of fruit are on a salad with sauce on the bottom . a picture of a fruit parfait is shown . young adults sit around a table eating and socializing . the kitchen is full of dirty dishes left over from the party .
the main course was made using grandma 's recipe for stuffed peppers . the side salads were extra delicious became of the edible bowl that they were in . of course mom 's desserts looked great also , we call it restaurant style . in all , the family enjoyed another creative dinner . and cleaning up was not so bad either , once we all pitched in .
tomatoes basil and bacon in a pan on a counter a gourmet looking desert with tangerines and lettuce looks flavorful . a dessert glass filled with berries and yogurt . five people sitting at a table enjoying a meal a messy kitchen counter with lots of dirty dishes .
family gatherings for the location home were always fun and had delicious food . it was a tradition to serve stuffed tomatoes . the family then enjoys something a little different . pasta- american style . they enjoyed dessert of rice pudding topped with berries . after dinner [male] showed the family pictures of his recent vacation .
tomatoes are stuffed and placed in a casserole dish . three mandarin orange slices adorn a pastry topped with raddichio and green lettuce . a simple yogurt and fruit cup are delicious . a family of siblings enjoys a light dinner together . many tools are left on the counter in a kitchen
lilian looked out on the beauty of the mountains . she experienced the most majestic view of the island . she and [male] spent the rest of the day surfing in the crystal clear ocean . dinner was the most delicious guava they had ever eaten . the next morning they rode out to the point on horseback . they looked across the bay to the next island . the perfect day ended with the most gorgeous sunset that nature ever produced .
a woman stands on top of a mountain in a canyon . two surfers stop to have theri picture taken before heading into the water . mashed potato stuffed squash with two brown sticks and a flower two people on horseback with a calm blue water behind them scenery of the the sun setting in the sky .
[female] wanted to go hiking in a remote mountain on her vacation . so she packed her bags and hired a local guide to take her there . she could n't believe the fresh air and the view ! she especially loved the view of the mountains , as she could see miles away . she yelled out and heard her echo ! her and her guide rented some horses so that they could see the scenery more easily . [female] was even able to get a beautiful panoramic shot of the mountains . she was excited that her camera had this option . at the end of the day , her guide took her to the beach , where [female] captured a picture of a beautiful sunset . all in all , she had a great day .
a woman standing on a cliff with her arms wide open . man and woman are posing with their surfboards on a gorgeous beach . this is a picture of a dessert that looks good two people on horseback smile in front of blue water . the deep pinks and yellows of the sunset look stunning over the way .
my trip to location was fantastic . i spent my first day there on a hike . the beaches were beautiful and there were tons of surfers out ready to ride the waves . the food at the hotel was amazing . everything was so artfully arranged and tasted amazing . i went sightseeing on horseback and got lots of great pictures . on my last night , i sat and watched the sunset with a cocktail . it was so relaxing and enjoyable .
woman with a yellow bandanna looking out at a mountain with arms spread wide . two people holding surfboards on edge of beach the mango is cooked and has a purple flower on top . horseback riding on a trail near a beautiful ocean scene sunset or sunrise scene with pink and purple clouds .
my vacation was so much fun . we went to a local park we even road a roller coaster . later we visited the red light district . we also went to a local `` coffeeshop '' .
bicycle are lined up on the street in front of a sign . a location sign stands proudly at the entrance to the town . a ferris wheel and swing ride operating at the fair . several bicycles parked in front of an adult store a sign for the bulldog the first coffee shop
our vacation photo albums from location . we took the kids to a carnival the first day then at night the adults toured sexy location the next day wee toured bulldog candy factory and went to the green light district as well
the bicycles are parked on the bridge near the billboard . a large sign appears to be describing a waterway . the words are written in a foreign language . behind the sign , a boat can be see , as well as a bridge with a trolley and a european cityscape . a skyline view of two amusement park rides . outside of a store there are lots of bikes piled up next to each other . the sign for the bulldog coffee shop has blue neon lights .
bicycles are a great way to get around town , seems a lot of people like to ride bikes to lots of places . we rode our bikes to a nearby amusement park . after locking them in the bike rack , we spent the day having fun on the amusement park rides . on our way home from the park , we were tempted to stop here and see what all those other bikers found so interesting . instead , we enjoyed a cup of coffee at the bulldog and talked about the fun we had on the amusement park rides .
many bikes chained up waiting for a race . a large red and white sign is sitting in front of boats at a marina . the tall ferris wheel has multiple blue seats . a shop with bicycles parked in front of it . a lit-up coffeeshop sign mounted above the ground .
the building has been in tact for many years . we took a picture alongside the water . next , he knelt down near the tree and water stream . the water flowed roughly . he pulled over on the side of the road .
a building decorated with patriotic banners sits in the middle of the road . a man is standing next to a pier and boat a man poses at the edge of a drop off over a waterfall . the stream runs downhill through a bunch of trees . a man is following a truck driving down the road .
he had put up the decorations for the celebration . he was looking forward to a day off . he thought he 'd go for a hike . maybe do a little fishing . if the fish were n't biting he could always go hunting .
red , white , and blue decorated the exterior of the building . a man in a ball cap leans against a gate alongside the ocean . a man holds his hand on a tree over a stream green trees surround river rapids headed down a hill man holding a chain attached to a parked silver pick up truck .
there 's always a lot of traffic when we head down to our camping site . here i am standing on the docks before we got out of town . this is a beautiful waterfall near where we camped . the water was so clear . at night we made our fire in this pit . there was plenty of old wood around to keep it going all night . here 's my tent the first morning i woke up . just before i took this picture a rabbit ran through .
a building that has red , white , and blue flags and like itis at the end of the road . a man poses in front of a busy pier . a man kneeling by a tree near a stream picture of a creek running down the forest . the man in blue holds his car using chains .
this grand church is a monument to the city . the inside is historic and rich . what a spectacle ! the baptismal fountain has seen many a new [male] child . the stained glass windows are full of color and grace . as the choir sings , the congregation joins in with song .
a castle with high steeples under the cloudy sky . a grandiose but empty church is decorated and lighted at the altar . a brown decorative monument sits in a large marble room . a stained glass window from inside a church . people holding books standing in rows in front of benches
the cathedral looms over the town . it 's gothic architecture giving it the appearance of a screaming man . inside though are lofty ceilings , brightly painted in white and filled with graceful arches . light , pillars , and graceful curves are designed to bring the eyes to the center . statues grace the halls , giving those that pass through their blessings . all is not cheerful inside , though . there are reminders of darker times .
a giant brown church on a rainy and cloudy day the pews and altar of a large church . an ancient baptismal is pictured beside empty chairs in a church . a painting of a depiction is put on stained glass window . the group is singing a song in the cathedral .
i went to go see a large cathedral . the ceilings were so high and unbelievably tall . the seats and stage were extravagant and fit so many people . there was a large statue in the church , and it represented their god . there was also an inscription below various statues .
large stone cathedral in center of city on cloudy day . an empty church waits for a funeral , the flowers have arrived . the black carved out structure sits on the edges of the church . multi-colored glass window depicting a man laid back on a horse with other men surrounding him . a choir that is about to give a performance .
two gentleman gather for a day in the wilderness . other friends join them as they walk down the riverbed . they have found a fish in the shallows . he smiles and poses with his new found food . other anglers come with their poles .
two people standing next to chairs in an open field . men in uniform and bulletproof vests patrol along a river . a human standing in a stream gripping a fish with two fists a woman wearing a tank top is holding a fish in both hands a man with glasses that is fishing with a rod .
these men decided to go fishing for a day . they traveled to one of their favorite fishing spots . they started pulling in fish after fish . they loved showing off their catches . the day fishing was fun , but the memories made were even better .
two people posing for a picture in the woods four men are walking on the shore of a body of water on a sunny day . a teenage boy attempts to hold firm a flopping fish he just grabbed in the stream . the man in the water showed his fish off in the picture . two people sit on the bank of a lake , fishing .
decided to make it a day of fishing with daddy . and , of course my brothers . i got the first fish ! and had to show it off . daddy comes in for the help .
two people standing next to a grassy field on a path with folding chairs . four men with fishing gear walk alongside a river . a man in the river holding a fish in his hands . a person holding a fish standing in some water two men stand alongside a creak of water , one holding a fishing pole and the other crouched down holding a net
we went to an amazing river tour we saw a swan and its babies a little ways down the river we saw something special more baby swans
beautiful red and yellow flowers in a meadow a duck that is leading the way for her babies . the swimming bird kept the siblings close by a man sitting on a dock watching boats . the mama duck and her ducklings are going for a swim .
we went to the park to visit my friends grave . the swans were there with their babies . they swam around . it was a lot of fun to watch the boats zoom down the rivers . the ducks followed .
there is a cross in the grass with flowers behind it . two cute little baby birds follow their swan mother a swan and her three chicks embark on a swim . picture of someone 's back on an overcast day on a river a group of ducks swim through a pond
gesse can be annoying some times . this goose is named [male] . he is a fixture at this lake . whenever people come around [male] always wants to say hi . [male] wants to go inside .
a stone cross in a field of wildflowers beautiful swan gliding gracefully through the water with two babies following her closely . a swan is swimming in the lake with her babies . a few people are on a long floating structure , similar to a boat , that is attached to other like structures and floating down a stream . a whole bunch of ducks are swimming in the water .
i went to this years association meeting and it was a lot of fun . there were a few speeches and lots of questions . members got to learn many things from experienced business people in the community . i learned a lot just listening to conversations that were abundant at the event . we took a group photo before departing to implement some of the ideas we learned .
two women standing near a banner for the business latin-american association two women are on a stage in front of a brick wall and one of them is talking into a microphone . a man holding soda and a plate talking to another man a man is talking to two other people while holding water the staff members pose for a picture at a conference .
today i went the the organization conference today it was nice to go to a event centered around latin americans we all got to talk to each other and share advice a couple people got to make some serious business contacts afterwards we all took a photo i cant wait till next year to go back
two women are standing in front of a association banner . two ladies stand up front and talk on a microphone . two businessmen discussing something while one eats a snack . three people converse with each other in a room colleagues gather for a seminar are together for a photo .
the work associates have come together about a meeting about organization organization organization . they discuss the many topics that goes with this association . two of the men are sharing what they think are the highlights of the meeting to them . they then go back and tell others about what they thought the highlights were about . at the end of it all , they all felt they learned , and better understood , what it means to be apart of the organization organization organization .
two woman posing with a `` business latin-american association '' sign . two women standing in front of a brick wall . two men talking , one man holding a plate with food . three business people standing in a room talking to each other . ten men and women standing in a bricked room with projector screen behind them .
the festival is in our city today . nothing like seeing things from on top . the band begins to play familiar songs . barefoot in the street , this little boy is enjoying the moment . the downside of being barefoot , is cleaning them afterwards .
a smiling woman holds a small child at a street fair . the man is holding a child on his shoulders . two women holding cups standing with a baby . little girl in red dress squeezing her nose . a large crowd of people stand in a city with a huge construction site in the background .
the baby was having fun at the fair . the boy got on top of his dad 's shoulders to look around . people were taking pictures . the little girl was having a lot of fun . there were a lot of people at the fair .
people are walking around on a street outside , where one woman holds her baby boy on her hip . a man laughs to himself while holding a cup as another man looks away with his child on his shoulders . a woman holding a cup is smiling next to the woman holding a baby a little girl in a red dress is standing near adults and pinching her nose . a large crowd of people on a city street .
here 's my two favorite people enjoying the summer festival in our town this weekend my son could n't see so he wanted to get on daddy 's neck this picture is my sister nephew and soon to be niece here is my other niece telling us she think she had something stuck in her nose we had a great time at the festival ca n't wait for next year 's
a proud mother holds her toddler son in her arms , oblivious to the rampant alcohol consumption going on around her . a man holding his child on his shoulders . a rather large woman carries her baby boy on her hip through the crowd with her cute friend . a little girl wearing red stands near several adults . a group of people are gathering together in the street .
we were very excited to be traveling to location for the summer . we decided to visit an abandoned farm to explore . the scenery was stunning but the farm was in ruins . we saw a lone cow sitting in the field and decided not to bother it . we spent the entire day wandering around the acres of farmland in location . it was an amazing part of our trip to location .
a birds eye view of a town that has many trees an old building with a large ceiling about to collapse a rundown shack with a red roof is in a field . solitary light brown bovine laying in brown and green field of grass . a long fence with several boards stands in front of a forest .
old building rusty and in bad shape with roof falling in looking at the barn from a distance looks old and down and on the side kind of torn real bad the old barn is made of wood and tin barn can be repaired and fixed up but going to take some time
a scene of a village taken from a top a hill with hills in the background . large wooden barn with red roof falling apart a dilapidated old shack , on a hillside and with small trees in the foreground . a cow is sitting a field of grass . wooden rails line side or pathway next to forest area .
i visited the city i grew up in and a lot has changed . a house that used to have a family of eight was in the late stages of decay . my neighbor 's house looked like it was abandoned long ago . a single steer sits in the dead grass . i saw an old fence i used to sit on before left .
a city scape surrounded by woods at the base of the mountains . an old run down bard sits alone near a road . an old cabin falling apart in the middle of nowhere . resting cow is laying in a pasture of grass . very old wooden fence , wood is starting to get rotten
here is a clear rock with an abstract pattern . we are hard at work , sculpting . here is an arrowhead that she made . this canoe looks refined . this canoe still has yet to be painted .
the stone was a rare find from the last expedition a woman that is sitting on the chair next to the people . a hand holding a beautifully carved arrow head . a large wooden raft hanging from a ceiling . a pieces of a boat on a pair of work benches indoors .
the building the class took place in was amazing . it was cold outside but inside was cozy and warm . pregnant women gathered to learn the importance of natural minerals . loving husbands joined hem . some women were skeptical of the all natural view but took in the information anyway .
i do n't know what the person is holding . even though there was a huge mess , everyone was still happy campers . a sculpture which looks like an arrow head an orange and yellow fabric boat hangs upside down . a room being redone or something like that
this is very close to what an ancient weapon may look like . they are breaking dirt apart looking for something that may have been buried long ago . this is actually what an arrow head looks like . these canoe boats are made very old style . this is a piece of a structure of some importance .
a closeup of a black and white flat stone . a pregnant woman sits in a chair and holds a camera . a man holds a traditional knapped arrowhead in his hand . a large structure hangs near a black ceiling inside of a building . the boat was on the horses being finished .
[female] has been taking flying lessons for months . today is her first solo pilot experience . as she takes off you can see her destination in the distance . getting closer you can see the ground beginning to open up . and moments later she is flying right over the grand canyon .
there is a plane flying on top of clouds . a view from outside of the plane window . many clouds float by . a blurry object quickly whizzes past the screen the wing of the airplane with a red and white stripe a dark haired woman smiling while sitting outdoors
i was in a plane . it was cloudy . i could n't see anything . then i could . it was epic !
the plane is flying high above the clouds . an aerial view from a plane with the plane 's propeller and clouds in view . a mystery object shamelessly splattered across the film . from the airplane the sand dust made things foggy . a happy and smiling woman in a green shirt gets her picture taken .
the girl arrived at the event and met the airplane pilot . the girl then went up in the airplane for a tour of the canyons . the girl took several pictures of the scenery from the airplane . in this picture , you can see a lot of mountains that she flew over . in this picture , you can see what she saw when the plane passed over the canyon .
the air plane is high in the air grassy hills seen from the window of a plane high in the sky . a blurry picture of what looks to be a black handle in white . the wing of the airplane can be seen over the clouds . young woman under canvas covered area on bright sunny day .
it was [female] 's birthday , so her friends took her out for some karaoke . they all sang dancing [female] together . they sounded terrible , but it was very fun . then [male] sang a song by himself . [female] and her other friends were embarrassed by his inappropriate dance moves . they all went home uncomfortably after that .
a woman wearing glasses blows out candles on a cake a group of four people singing karaoke together people are singing karaoke on a dimly lit stage an entertainer making some moves while on stage . a person holding a microphone stands on a stage which is decorated with colored lights .
the guest of honor blew out the candles on the cake . they all went up on stage for a group sing-a-long . they did quite well and really showcased their talent . there was even a comedian that performed . it was a fun night , as the the host took the stage at the end .
a woman is blowing the candles on her cake . four people holding microphones and singing in a dark room a group of people take part in karaoke a person standing on stage with string lights and a led blue wave in the background . performer onstage during act for audience members at indoor venue .
[male] was celebrating his birthday and it was karaoke night . his friends dedicated the first performance to him . they then sang love shack in his honor . not to be outdone , jason sang endless love . he was feeling groovy and wanted to bust a move so he sang beat it .
a woman is blowing out candles on a cake . a group of friends bravely stands on the stage singing karaoke songs . improv preformers preform on a crowded stage on a nice night . performer onstage possibly doing a magic act or performance a guy touches himself while singing karaoke on a lighted stage .
arriving at the estate , we were greeted by a beautiful water feature . we had to take the location location all the way from one side of the estate to the other . slowly we traveled along the lonely rail . midway , we had to stop for a few minutes for pictures and a refuel . down below in the garden , everything was ready for our arrival .
picturesque view of fountains in a laid back shopping district . the wall of a garden that has a lot of plants on it people are riding in a bug shaped ride during the day a ride 's car is displayed as it is on the ride . outdoors , stone sculpture in garden , blue sky in background
the family arrived at their hotel . `` and best of all , '' said the dad `` there is a roller coaster in our hotel '' the kids cheered and ran off to ride it . they yelled and screamed the whole way . and when they saw the big monster at the end , they screamed and hid .
the elaborate courtyard features several different water fountains . a building with a metal decoration on a rail . fancy and artistic rail car with a two people in it . the whimsical ride was at the amusement park for all to share . the sculpture looks like a large beaked bird with its mouth open .
an easy way to get around the park was to use transportation . this ride took fans from one side to the other . slowly it climbed as it crossed roads and passersby below . the ornate detailing of the car made it fun to be in . it ended with a large sculpture indicating they 'd reached the end .
large pool structure with fountains featured near buildings . a child riding on an amusement park ride a whimsical car made to look like a bird , moves over an overhead rail track . an oddly shaped carriage rides a rail in the air in a garden setting , stands a very tall creation that looks like an alien with a very big mouth .
kids are wandering around a beach . they stop to play in the sand . they get hungry and stop for a snack . but the door is closed . the store creeps them out with all the eyes .
several isolated clumps of white flowering plants , a building is off in the distance . a small boy plays in the sand on the beach . a beach sign on the side of a building a red & quot ; amusements & quot ; sign with electric lights on top adorns a building near a parking lot . a window that can be seen in the distance .
the flowers grew at random along the side of the road and they were lovely but she knew that was the only thing pretty about this town . it was a dirty , ugly place that was best avoided . cheap murals were on the side of a store advertising bikinis and shorts although there was n't a beach close by . it was rumored that one store which simply advertised `` amusements , '' was in reality a brothel . she did n't dare stop and elected to drive on the next town to get gas .
some buildings behind a big field with flowers . boy play in the sand of an empty lot . a crudely drawn mural advertises the dubious pleasures to be had inside . amusements sign in red white and blue the colorful decorations shows the store has playful things for sale
in a small down , going down a long dirt road . at the beach there is a wall with writing on it . a red roofed building called sale city looks like a cool place . an inside amusement park always is a way to have fun . this amusement park will be opened for the rest of the summer .
some bushes and mulch near a manufacturing plant a boy digging in wet sand on the beach . a sign the says bikinis & shorts , on the side of a building . a red sign advertises amusements in a white building . a colorful sign hanging above an entry way
we went to an island resort last year . the waves were very choppy . we did get some good pictures though including some of interesting plants and an amazing sunset .
a warning sign that is on the beach the waves came crashing hard but it was so soothing on the summer day . two smiling people pose on a rocky shore next to an ocean . a small purple flower begins to bloom within the green leaves of the plant . a sunset or rise over a body of water
i took a picture of my wife before our trip to the beach . i then got in the picture just to prove i was there also . the red flag was flying today so there was not a whole lot of swimming . the water was really rough with large waves washing ashore . the ocean calmed down a little by sunset .
the beach has quite a few visitors even though the waters are rough today . very rough ocean rolling in towards the beach . two people standing on the rocks by the ocean . large leaved plants with one small purple bloom in daytime . a rough dark sea with the rising sun in the background
day at the beach with his girlfriend . boyfriend and girlfriend taking a picture together having a good time at the beach . red flags are out , they ca n't go swimming the waves are too strong . the waves were really strong , could be perfect for surfers tough . watching the sunset together .
a group of people that are standing on the beach . waves are crashing on a sandy beach on a sunny day . a couple is smiling next to the ocean . the plant produces beautiful purple flowers in the spring . the sun going down over the ocean with clouds rolling in .
we spent the day near the lake reveling in the [female] colors . there were several ducks floating around . we walked around and enjoyed nature . nature was truly showing her splendor with all of the beautiful colors . after a long walk , we spent a relaxing afternoon building an intricate sand castle .
three ducks swim lazily together toward the shoreline . a group of trees are displaying their changing colors . an assortment of sandcastle molds made on the beach . houses stand on the shore in front of colorful trees . sandcastle on beach with [female] colored trees in background .
it was fall out and the animals were enjoying the weather . the tree 's leaves indicated the season . it was a weird time of year to build a sandcastle , but the sand was good . it was fun to do something people usually do during the summer in the fall . at the end of the day the sandcastle was pretty magnificent .
three ducks swim in a peaceful blue lake . a view of the treetops on a clear day in the fall . a gigantic sandcastle made into an intricate castle . an autumn scene of a home on a lake framed by fall foliage . an elaborate sand castle sits beside a stream .
[female] is here . soon the ducks will fly to warmer weather . the leaves are changing color . the last sand castles of summerwait for the tide to wash them away . people are spending more time indoors . they have left the beach behind .
ducks are swimming in a large body of water the leaves are starting to turn color so there are green , gold , red and brown leaves as well as some bare branches . a castle made out of sand with many towers . the far shore has large houses and the trees are changing color . an elaborate sand castle sits beside a river , and trees with changing leaves stand on the other side of the water .
tonight we went to a fancy asian restaurant . the first dish was fried crab . everything was prepared so perfectly . the shrimp look absolutely scrumptious . this plate of beef and vegetables is both delicious to taste and lovely to view . a cup of spicy soup really hit the spot .
a plate of food that is sitting on leaves . a prepared dish of onions and pasta is garnished and set on a table . what a great big stack of food , wonder if i could eat it all . the dish looks fancy and appears to be from a expensive restaurant . a plate of meat and two plates of cooked greens on a tray .
the chicken was served on the greens . the pasta was seasoned well , but not too much . the noodles were very colorful and piled high . they served wontons with carrots . they served small appetizers to try .
a savory meal is cooked to golden-brown perfection and served on a bed of lettuce a plate of food garnished with green lettuce . a white plate piled with shredded vegetables and sprouts dinner presented in a very beautiful way at an expensive restaurant a closeup shot of various vegetable and meat dishes
eating at yen ching 's is always a feast for the eyes , as well as the stomach . kimchi , which is pickled cabbage , has become one of my favorites . i am always amazed how they get this napa cabbage salad to stand up like this . they make a dish with sautee 'd ramen noodles that is delicious ! i never would have though of having tiny spears of cucumber before dessert , but it really cleanses your palate !
large pieces of fried chicken sitting on top of lettuce on a table . on a square white plate with a small candle burning in the background you have a plate of cooked veggies with some pretty green kale looking on top . a plate of oriental food in the form of a mountain . a well decorated plate of food is prepared for someone to eat . three plates that are full of good food
it was time for our family reunion at mom and dad 's . the girl 's arrived first and were ready to tan . then the boys showed up with the beer . we swam most of the afternoon . then we played poker into the wee hours of the morning .
a girl and two adults sit smiling and posing together . a group of women pose for a pic together three men are posing for a picture at a party . a woman sitting on a diving board watching two men playing in the pool with a ball . a group of people gather at a card table to play a game .
the pool party was a fun tradition . all of our friends would gather to swim and have a good time . the boys started drinking alot . they drank too much and ended up kissing . the night ended with a friendly poker game .
one old man with a green hat and two women smiling with their swimming costumes a group of women smiling for the camera . three shirtless men pose with drinks in hand outdoors . two men play with a ball in a pool . a group of people sitting around a poker table playing poker .
uncle [male] went around with his weird mustache and glasses and took pics with everyone . my sisters , both biological and foster came to the party . two of my brothers also came , we had a rather large immediate family . we played pool volleyball which is definitely not my forte . however , high stakes poker is ; i cleaned all these suckers out .
an older , overweight couple wearing swimsuits are seated next to a younger woman wearing a bikini outside . 4 attractive women in bikinis are posing for a picture . three half naked men are having drinks together outside two men playing water polo in a pool with a young woman watching them several people sitting around a green poker table .
[male] wants to play the bling [male] game . after he is tired of that he heads over to the whac a mole game . after that its time for some skee ball . [male] puts the money into the machine in order to play . the family enjoys playing a round of skeeball .
a sign is letting individuals know what kind of machine it is . a whack a mole game showing off the players scores . a sign spouting `` jackpot '' is displayed above skeet ball lanes . a man in a green sweater plays games in an arcade . a couple of people are playing ski ball
we went to the arcade to win some tickets and play bling [male] . there were several games like whac a mole . skeet ball was a popular game . we played several games and won several tickets from the skeet ball game .
the jewelry sits behind glass in a display a classic arcade game of whac a mole is in the middle of a public media building . looks like a colorful picture of the game skiball at an arcade . a man with a camera stands in front of a game at an arcade . people played skeetball and basketball at the arcade .
here is one of the games we saw visiting the arcade , you had the chance to win jewelry ! we won so many tickets on this one . i had no idea what i was doing on this game , but it was interesting ! skee ball is one of our favorites . we spent most of our time playing this one .
a claw machine game called the bling king . a whack a mole game lit up inside a venue . the jackpot machines are lined up together in a dark room . a man in an arcade playing a game . a group of people playing skeeball in an arcade .
i went down to the market yesterday . i bought a huge hot dog while i was there . there were a ton of other people there as well . i walked by some kind of presentation while i was there . there were some people playing tennis as well .
people outside near a large rectangle nathans billboard . an ad on the side of building for a hotdog and soft drink . a group of people in the streets and on the cars look forward . several people standing up on platforms outside under the blue sky . small kids are walking on the concrete court .
one sunday , my friends and i decided to go to the boardwalk . we saw the original [male] 's famous , and stood in line for a hot dog . we sat around after eating our hot dogs to allow our food to digest . over to the side there was a volleyball match going on , which we enjoyed . finally , we wandered off down the street to see what else there was around .
a few people are looking at a sign in front of them . a large yellow painting on the side of a building has a hot dog on it . a bunch of people wait outside and look in the same direction . a group of people is gathered near some [organization] phone booths . people are walking around in a yard on the other side of a high fence .
we visited [male] 's for a hot dog ! a lot of people were in line ahead of us . the baby did n't care one way or the other . big sign advertising their hot dogs . she winks because she knows we will get in eventually .
a group of people are in front of the [organization] 's famous hot dog stand sign and one is taking a picture . the image is of the side of [male] 's hotdogs at [location] [location] people rallying in support of their campaign for the election . a large group of men and women are standing on a stage . the court is full of school age kids playing
we went to the botanical gardens on a beautiful spring day . all of the flowers were in full bloom . there were beautiful structures to relax in when you got tired . the decor was amazing and worldly . the flowers were definitely the star of the show though , and seemed to bloom in every color .
a structure that is in the middle of the park . wall of multi colored flowers blooming over green foliage an elaborate chinese like wooden motto with benches inside . a statue is colored bright orange and has 4 arms . there is a lot of yellow and orange flowers in this picture .
to get the perfect flower picture this spring we went to the park . the pinks , whites , and reds , were beautiful , but not quite what we wanted . we spent time in the gazebo and looked around for inspiration . we found a deity statue that was just about the perfect color . finally we found the orange and yellow hues we wanted and took our perfect flower picture .
two tall pines flank a stone monument at a park . pretty assortment of colorful flowers on bush outdoors . a pavillion with a bunch of wooden benches a red religious statue with a blurry background . red and yellow flowers lit brightly in the sun
i took a long stroll through the park today . i made sure to smell every flower i saw . i sat for about an hour under the gazebo . i examined all of the woodwork carvings that can be found throughout the park . the flowers smelled so good .
a couple of tall trees on specially landscaped scene . the green plants have some pink and red flower petals this image cant be described it is blank orange is a good color for this statue . the flowers showed their pretty blooms in the spring
the family takes a vacation to the beautiful coast line . the waves come in from the ocean and pound the shores . watching a sunset from the beach is always a fantastic way to end the day . then as darkness falls , the lights come on in the bay to celebrate . all in all , this family had a great day at the coast .
a small building stands by a large rocky hill next to the water . waves crashing on the rocky shore of a beach . large fluffy clouds that are covering the sun . christmas decorations lit up at night that are floating on the water mom and her daughter on one of their many nights on the town
we walked along the sidewalk to get to the beach . this was the house we were staying in . we loved the feeling of the sand between our toes . we got our swimsuits on and dove in . we spotted some fish in this little part .
a home in the top near the water huge rock formation jutting into a chaotic ocean a brilliant sunburst shines through the clouds at sunset . hey christmas light display over a river and house two elderly women dressed in winter coats and hats
the view was amazing from he car . the rocks and water just smelled so good . the sun was shining just right . the water was so blue and peaceful . this was the prettiest shot i got that day .
a white building right on the beach facing the ocean . the frothy waves are crashing against the rocky seashore . the ominous cloud looked like it was part of the land from the horizon . christmas tree lights are decorated around a harbor . two older females pose with a lit , festive background in an evening , outdoor setting .
friends unloaded their things to get ready for the triathlon . the first stage of the triathlon was rowing 5 miles . a couple people had trouble on the 2nd stage , biking . most , though , had a fine time with no problems . [male] won first place and the trophy ,
there are two men packing a truck . a group of people wearing purple caps swim in the water . an image of a person that is trying to stay on their bike a bicyclist bikes down the right side of the road . it was raining but still caught a good picture .
the people get ready for the annual race . there are people who are racing in the water . these people are going through the obstacle course . one guy is racing on his bicycle . this guy is the winner of the race . he is very happy that he won .
two men with bicycles are smiling at the camera . man sitting on a surfboard watching a group of swimmers . the bikers are , making their way down the road . a muscular man is riding a bike and appears to be barefoot . the men are on the stage and holding their prizes .
these two people are getting ready for the big race . this guy carries his bicycle to the starting place . this guy races to begin the race . these three are announced the winners of the race . these two people did not participate in the race , but they are cheering for the rest of the people who did .
bicyclists get ready for a ride in this early morning photo . a man on a surfboard is in the water around all of the swimmers in purple swim caps . two bicyclists are walking their bikes through traffic cones and a couple spectators and police officers are off to the side of the cones . the cyclist rides along the highway , head down in concentration . three men hold up bottles on a stage on a rainy day
the city is fascinating place . we stopped and got the best hot dogs . there were many tall buildings . we got a ride in pedi cab . and then took a ride in a taxi cab .
a tall glass building that is reflecting the skyscraper across from it . two people sitting in folding chairs are selling stuff the plaque and sculpture honor a hungarian composer . a hotdog stand with halad food such as beefy patty and shish kebabs . a public sign posted indicating the national debt and the amount predicting the estimated cost was for the readers family .
we were very excited for our trip to location location city . we walked around and the streets were bustling with sellers peddling their wares . we stopped at a monument and made sure to take lots of photos together . we were hungry so we stopped for lunch at a street food car . we saw all sorts of unique signs but this national debt sign was our favorite . the trip was just amazing !
a tall glass building with a triangular pattern . two people are sitting outside selling purses in front of a store open 24 hours . statue and plaque posted on a stone wall a portable food stand that serves several items . the national debt clock shows the debt at $ 13,257,953,709,895 , and your family 's share of the debt is $ 112,235 .
being from the country , we were n't used to buildings like this . it seemed strange that people were just selling things on the street . we made sure to stop by and see some history . we even took in some of the local food . some sights were less pleasant than others .
a city building 's lustrous glass gleams in the sun . two women sell various items outside a store that is open 24 hours . a head statue that is displayed on the wall . a hot dog vendor 's wagon on a city street the tote board is displaying the national debt .
today we took the train into the city . we hung out at the amusement park . we saw a freak show . we even got to try on the performers ' costumes . we made sure to take lots of group photos .
two people riding the train are enjoying each other . an old-style ferris wheel with inner and outer cars . the two people are walking into the side show tent . a woman with a dark gold mask on and devil horns . a group of people at a park posing
enjoy now graffiti at the train station . friends on their way to the fair . about to get on the ferris wheel . best friends having fun after the ferris wheel ride . after the fair the friends had fun playing card games .
a woman passenger seems happy in this subway scene . the ferris wheel was called the wonder wheel and can be seen far away . a picture of a carnival is captured in black and white . woman wearing a scary mask resembling an owl inside a group of friends posed near a wire fence .
[female] hopped on the train to meet her friends at the carnival . her first stop had to be the organization organization ; it was her favorite ride ! afterwards , she wanted to see a show . she was so happy to find a great party mask ! the best part of the night , though , was good times with her friends .
the woman and her companion share a humorous moment during their commute . a picture of the wonder wherl feeris wheel . there is a person in black and it appears to be a circus or side show of some kind . she tried on the golden face mask and posed with it . if of people posing for a picture at the fair with clear skies
he spent a great deal of time online . he had met a girl on organization . at least he thought it was a girl . she had a lovely picture on her profile . finally he got up the nerve to ask her out and it was a great success .
a youhg man sitting at a computer with headphones on with a crt . a guy looks at a camera while pointing behind him . woman sitting on an office chair inside a small building . a woman is photographed in a forest of trees . dark haired man with blond woman sitting on couch
the girl and her boyfriend took a trip to the park , where he was rather nervous about getting his picture taken . she seems happy to sit on the couch with him . when the sun goes down it is time to get silly . the early spring day made for some great photography . she enjoyed standing amongst the trees .
an asian woman wears headphones as she sits at an office computer . a young man with a shaved head , wearing a white sweater , gesturing . a man with long , black hair sitting on a chair . a woman looking at the camera with trees and sun behind . man on couch holding green bottle by woman in pink shirt
[male] walked over to [female] 's place to visit . they sat around for awhile before deciding to go take some pictures outside . [male] took one picture and [female] reminded him to put the polarizing lens on the camera . [male] took his first picture and forgot to put the filter on . the next picture he took with the filter turned out much better .
young woman working on a computer wearing casual clothing . a man in a sweater with his finger pointing up looking above at something . a man is sitting in a chair looking a bit contemplative . beautiful young woman in pink sweater with sunlight beaming through . a blonde woman smiles while her beer drinking boyfriend has a more serious look .
i had to put some air in my car last weekend . it cost me 25 cents . i was very happy during the road trip . the view from the road was spectacular . after we drove for hours we finally made it to the concert .
a view of the highway from inside the car . the bright blue oceans meets the rocky coast . a couple of plates with no food on them a singer on stage with lights in the background two boys embracing for the camera in the country .
my best friend , [male] , and i loved to go on long road trips . we would wander by automobile up and down the coast . some interesting foods were discovered on our adventures . there were also excellent concert stops . i will remember [male] for the rest of my drive on the road of life .
picture of someone driving with a gps on the window . a view of a harbor with many boats afloat . a table with a bowl full of berries and a cup of cappuccino with two empty plates covered in crumbs and dirty silverware . an electronic light display is on a stage two pictures both show two young men standing in the sun .
road trip ! another weekend , another opportunity to see the country . the views along the highway were breathtaking . we stopped for breakfast at the greatest little cafe . the nightlife in the town was pretty active considering how small it was . we made some new friends and ended up staying up all night . we really hope to return soon .
the view of the road ahead from a car with a reflection of the driver in rearview mirror . the smoke from the fire was making it 's way to the ocean a table seen from the top with leftovers on plates the stage is ready for the band to appear . two friends play around with exposures in a field .
a beautiful unique design of a hat from a foreign land beautiful abstract colors seen here the child was standing there wearing their unique and colorful outfit they played the traditional instruments they enjoyed the celebration from a distance land
this person is wearing a colorful hat with beads . a woman in a very colorful hat and outfit . a young boy dressed in traditional attire musicians with colorful drums during performance at outdoor event . woman in sunglasses holding her hands up smiling
we arrived at the parade and immediately spotted a man in a bright hat leading the way . the parade began moving past as women dressed in vibrant colors danced in a wild trance . everyone from the largest man to the smallest child was decked out in bright attire . the sound of pounding drums filled our ears as skilled drummers began marching past in a procession . we could n't believe how amazing this unique culture was , we had a great day watching the rest of the parade .
woman with colorful beads on her hat posing for a picture a person is wearing a brightly colored hat and scarf a young boy donning a very colorful outfit with an equally colorful hot . a line of drums and players lined up in a row . a woman in a black shirt that has her arms up
dressed in a fancy colorful hat . the baby dressed up in a colorful outfit . the kid is celebrating the parade . the drums are played through the streets . the drums are played for the rest of the day .
a lady is wearing a hat with many multicolor beads hanging down from it . an image of a person wearing a festival costume young boy wearing extravagant clothing resembling middle east tire sideview of several people drumming in-line during a parade woman in a tshirt with her arms in the air .
i went to the hotel today . the view of the beach was beautiful . i had a great time there . we relaxed all day . the pool was great .
a patio with chairs and a beach side view . a man stares out into the horizon of the beach . a man relaxes in his robe on his deck with tea . the skies looked overcast and grey over the ocean . a pool cabana set next to the beach with palm trees around it .
a couple on a nice vacation gets their first look at the hotel room . the man spent some time just gazing at the sea . the first morning they had a leisurely cup of coffee on the balcony . the sea was beautiful even though it was cloudy . the hotel 's swimming pool looked very inviting .
a table and chair looking out onto the bay a man looks out at the beautiful water from his balcony he smiled as he sat out on his patio a view of the ocean and a cloudy sky the furniture around the pool has been neatly arranged .
there was a lady who was greatly looking forward to her beach vacation . when she arrived , she relaxed on the couch . the bathroom in the hotel that she booked was unbelievably luxurious , and she needed to try out the bathtub right away ! the next morning , she decided to eat breakfast on her balcony , overlooking the gorgeous ocean view . her balcony also overlooked the pool . when she checked it out , she could n't believe no one was using it ! best of all was having her husband along with her to enjoy the amazing view off the balcony .
we were delighted to learn that we would have such a great view . a shirtless man leaning on a railing and overlooking the beach on an overcast day . the man is enjoying his view from the balcony at the hotel a view of a large body of water from a building . a pool is situated right next to the ocean , waves are coming in .
cat coming down the stairs to eat breakfast . preparing walfles for breakfast . waffles and coffee are ready . trial and error waffles and eggs . thought we saw a mouse trying to get it out with a fan
an orange tabby cat walks along the back edge of a couch . a man is standing in the corner of a kitchen cooking . there are three pieces of waffle on the plate and a cup of syrup for dipping . the leftover mess of a waffle and egg breakfast . all the cleaning supplies are on the kitchen floor and a fan is blowing in the empty cabinet .
first , he cleaned the kitchen . then he cleaned the table . then he had to catch the cat and put him out . damn cat , he thought . finally , he started to work in the garage .
a car with orange fur walking across a sofa . a man is standing at the corner of a kitchen counter making food . waffles are on a plate beside a cup of coffee . breakfast remnants of eggs and waffles with silverware visible . all of the things have been removed from the cabinet .
[male] is a strange guy . his best friend in the world is his orange cat , loopie . he has the same breakfast every morning -- -waffles and coffee . you 'd think he 'd get bored of the waffles and black coffee , but he never does . when he 's done , he tosses everything in the sink . eventually , the sink jams , and he has to take everything out from under it and do some heavy drain work .
an orange cat walking along the side of a sofa a man in the kitchen with his back to us . waffle sitting on a plate next to a cup of coffee . waffles , egg shells , and silverware are in a basin items emptied from a cabinet lie on the floor while a fan blows into the empty cabinet .
we saw lots of sights while we were on vacation . there was even a castle . it was so amazing to see all the big arches up close . the museum was a favorite stop on our journey and had many amazing things to see . one of my favorite parts of the trip was getting to relax on the beach . after dark we got to see all the fountains lit up and working .
a man with his feet in the sand at the beach humorous signage seen on beach with beach goers enjoying the day . a beautiful water fountain display at night in front of a building . the museum was magnificent and he enjoyed strolling through it . a airport terminal with a large yellow duty free store is full of travelers .
i decided to escape to the beach for my vacation . the beach was pristine and not very crowded . the fountain show downtown starts every hour on the hour . the local art museum had a special exhibition . before returning home , i made a purchase at the duty free shop at the airport .
the sand covered feet relaxed on the coarse sand a sign in the sand at a beach is encouraging people to throw their garbage away . a large extravagant building with many fountains outside a man in a wheelchair viewing an old statue in a museum . a large number of people are sitting in the chairs .
[female] got to go to the beach in location with her boyfriend . while they were walking they came across a funny looking sign . the hotel they stayed in was unlike anything they had ever seen before . inside of the hotel it was just as spectacular as the outside . before the couple returned home they visited a mall to purchase some things to remember the trip by .
first person ocean view from the sandy beach a group of people in the sand and near the water a well lit fountain is spraying up in front of a building . person in a wheel chair observing a piece of art in a museaum airport waiting area with people and luggage scattered around .
the whole family went to see the parade . the was a bunch of people in blue and a big float . the people in the parade were colorful . this person looked like a medic with a gun . this lady had a neat red costume and cool red makeup .
several floats in a street parade with many people watching a group of marchers marching during a parade . the party goers were very excited and a little bit tipsy . the nurse tried to load a gun because she wanted to protect herself . the costumes were awe inspiring at the festival with lots of exotic colors .
the parades were well done . we saw many well designed floats . the costumes were colorful and fun . the water tower float was the most unique . the day was festive and fun .
a parade is going on in the background large number of people standing in a parade with a float behind them . several people in colorful costumes and make-up stand together . people are in costume for a zombie apocalypse . the yopung lady is dressed in the red uttire for an event
we went to the parade . there were many people there in costumes . we had a wonderful time . some of the costumes were more scary than others . some costumes were simply beautiful .
someone in a colorful hat watches a parade of colorful floats . people are marching in a parade during the day the fans are enjoying themselves at the festival . lots of people gathered together in blue costumes . girl is participating in a parade and in character
everybody was out in full force for tonights festivities . this marching band began the night with a few songs . afterward a few floats made their way through , this was my favorite . we also had fire performers doing some dangerous tricks . everybody had a great time and it was a jam packed event .
a group of young adults pose for a formal photo . people dressed with masks on a horse while the horses are being led by others . the parade float has costumed riders dressed like royalty . the girls came prepared to the mardi gras party . they had coordinated outfits with head feathers in bright red . an elaborate construction contains a caricature of a religious figure .
today it was the day of the festival ! a lot of people were going . this year we had a medieval theme . people seemed to enjoy it . there was even a `` [male] '' that addressed his subjects , then there were the princesses . who were gorgeous ! the parade was really cool afterwards too ! this by far was my favorite festival !
a group of people that are standing next to each other . the two people in costumes are on the horse the conductor participated by dressing up for the ride to attract the kids two women wear very large red feather headdresses . a mardi gras style float with partygoers on it .
we where all ready for carnival this year . we got all dressed up , and went out to the street . we saw so many different things pass us buy . after the parade we went to our ball . out side of our ball was our float . it was a great evening .
a group of people who are dressed up are posing for a picture . people are leading horsers with people sitting on them a man in a silver outfit is dressed as a king . the pretty woman posed for the camera in their red dresses a charactuer of a priest that says `` hughes on first , '' and `` cardinal lawsuit , '' holds a bottle `` ratzingers holier than thou scotch , '' in front of similar charactuers insinuating wrong doing in a church or by a priest .
a group of people hang around waiting for the pub to open . young people make their way to the pub to relax and enjoy themselves . many people are seen marching through the snow towards the place of establishment . inside people are seen drinking and socializing with their friends . some of the guys decided to take out some turntables to entertain everyone .
a crowd of bicyclists gathers in the snow . the people are walking up the snow covered mountain . crowd of people trekking through snow covered field . a bunch of people laugh and drink together . two men are together spinning records on a turntable .
everyone is bundled up for the big charity race . the participants make their way across the quad . there is a long line of racers but everyone is a winner . after the event , people relax and enjoy a drink at the local club . now the dj gets busy on the turntables and gets the crowd going .
everyone gathered together and most of them wore their helmets . as people gather into groups , they begin their trek up a snowy hill . people are walking though he snow field in numbers some people are having fun with their friends in a bar . a group of people that are playing music .
the day started out a bit hectic , everyone was a little confused . they had a long cold journey ahead of them . they had to walk a bit of a distance to get to their destination . once there , everyone pretty much let loose and got comfortable . the d.j.`s started to set up their booth for a good time and good music .
lots of people dressed in warm gear with backpacks gather in the snow . there is a large group of people walking in snow . people taking a hike in a single file in snow a group of people are sitting at a bar drinking . a guy running dj equipment and spinning records while another man holds a record looking off the set .
[female] loves hockey and came to see her favorite team . this is her boyfriend who she met while he was playing on the hockey team . it was an intense game for both sides . nearing the end the score was tied . this was the last play of the game and [female] 's boyfriend scored a goal for the win .
a man in a cowboy hat is standing behind a smiling brunette getting ready to on in the rink and start to play . people are playing a hockey game in an arena . people playing a game of hockey in an indoor arena . two hockey teams skate around the ice during a game .
i was really excited to see my first hockey game . the players made their way to the ice . the game started and it was so amazing to see . the players went by so quickly . it was exhilarating .
the young lady has a smile and glasses on her face . hockey players are playing a game on the other side of the glass . a hockey game is under way on the ice . a game of hockey is about to begin . skaters in jerseys and skates on ice playing hockey
[male] was a goalie for a hockey team , and was a pretty good one . he had a reputation for not letting any goals this entire season , and he had one more game left . he was determined to keep his legacy going . it being the last game of the season , [male] 's girlfriend , [female] , stopped by to support her boyfriend from the audience . [male] had been doing well the entire game , that is , until [male] , the star of the other team , started getting on the ice . [male] was known to be a power scorer for his team , and [male] was determined to not let [male] score . the game became fierce , with both teams working hard to score on the other while defending goals . [male] 's teammates were cheering him on quite a bit , but unfortunately , [male] 's team lost , leaving [male] 's legacy undefeated .
a close up of a young lady with dark hair and glasses . two ice hockey players seen from the back three young men and one middle-aged man playing hockey . two hockey players are waiting for the ref to drop the puck the teams are playing hockey on the ice in the stadium .
we went on a train to visit a local place . we got off the stop and looked around the city . we hung around a famous fountain . we decided to check out the local temple . we took a photo of the city 's most famous statue as our final stop .
train view of window overlooking train tracks a crowd of people walking around a cathedral . a statue is shaped like a gargoyle over a fountain outdoor street scene with autos near entrance to market . statue of an women with wings in a dress
we took the train going anywhere . it was great . the fountain square was neat to see up close . this dragon is on the side of the fountain . off to another adventure . going to go tour this area and see what we can find . this angel is overlooking the square . she 's a little weird .
a train heads down the train tracks to its destination the building is very tall and looming an intricately carved gargoyle adorns the concrete fountain . [organization] gardens with vehicles in street and people milling . a concrete statue of an angel dressed in a gown
a train tour offered the chance to get a look at many different locales . here , the travelers spotted a beautiful old fountain . the detailing on the carvings was unbelievable . they eventually came to their intended destination . they made time to observe one final intricate statue before moving on with their day .
the scene focuses out the window of a train and looks out over the tracks . a city square on a cold dreary day with tall buildings . a statue of a strange beast shooting water into a fountain . an arched entryway is full of people with cars in the lot . a concrete statue of an angel stands against a while wall .
the boys excited about the parade . a clown selling toys . walking with her campaign . the mayor shaking peoples hands . the firework show is starting .
two boys enjoy blue cotton candy at a park . a clown is standing in the middle of the street . people are marching down a street holding a banner . a man talking to a group of people a night sky with a big firework exploding right in the middle .
there was a local parade for dole and his campaign for mayor . the parade was very colorful and funny . dole was actually at the parade and greeted the town . dole was very nice and shook everyone 's hand . former president bush was there as well . he is a big dole supporter .
two boys are enjoying cotton candy at a park event in the summer . the clown is pushing the cart down the parade route several peoples walking in a parade for a local president campaign . a man running for office greets a young girl at a gathering . fireworks are going off while the sun is still setting
the family went to the park for 4th of july . the city hosted an annual parade . they had a clown that made balloons for children . a few veterans walked throughout the parade . the mayor greeted the people who attended the parade . we saw a fireworks show right after the parade .
the two boys enjoy cotton candy outdoors and play . a clown is pushing a cart down the street . a group of people wearing yellow is posing in front of a sign . the man in the tie is shaking the woman & # 39 ; s hand . the picture of the fireworks explosion was timed just at the right moment .
a neighborhood was enjoying a street festival full of activities . there were several games , like a ball throw . there was also a photo tent . kids were playing video games at one booth . at another booth , children had their face painted .
a local attraction where drink and food are being served people stand in front of an inflatable sports challenge display . a group of people sit on a red sofa talking as another films . a group of people playing rock band stand near a table under a canopy . face painting done by a woman in bright pink hat adorned with feathers .
there was an event right outside my house . organization organization was installing fios in my area ! i was so excited . i wanted the fastest internet . i signed all the paperwork .
people gather outside an an event with food stations and coolers . a man playing fair game of sports challenge a group of people sits on a red couch under a red verizon fios tent . they are being recorded by a man and woman . a young girl stands in the foreground . two people playing with toy guitars outside with other people watching . a woman with a pink hat face painting a girl 's face .
people gathered under the umbrellas with food and coolers . a few men participated in the sports challenge game . a camera man was filming a family under the organization fios tent . two guys played a guitar game under the tent . the girl got her face painted by a clown .
group of people standing around red and white umbrellas . man playing blow-up carnival game called sports challenge a man that is holding onto a black tripod . the two men are trying their chances at the guitar game . this lady is the best at painting faces for any event
getting in the grave site . soldier walking in the fallen soldiers grave . the band performing . the crowd anticipating the speech . waiting for the president to arrive .
large old building with a bunch of people gathered on the steps . a crowd of people watching three marines . a band is performing in front of an audience outdoors . a large group of people standing outside in front of a large building . a large crowd has assembled in the amphitheater to hear what is going to be said .
our trip to the capital was fun but solemn , with so many new sights to see , but memorial day was a sad purpose . there 's so much walking , so luckily the weather was good , but we thought we were in for a storm when the sky darkened , so many people here -- maybe a holiday was n't the right time to do tours , but as long as we were there , we had to see all -- people protesting were an interesting backdrop , but i never did find out what that was about . more walking , more clouds -- but still nice , so we headed out to see more of our history . we were late for cherry blossoms , but there were still many beautiful trees that showed how carefully laid out the area was .
people lined up in front of a classical style monument military men are marching while people are looking on a band plays for a sparse crowd in an amphitheater . a large amount of people are standing in front of a government building . a crowd of people are gathered at a national monument of a special event .
the concert at the capital building on the fourth of july was a huge event . the marines marched before the music began . the marine band is one of the best i 've ever heard . the crowd was in the thousands . everyone took pictures and cheered the band on . the band closed with the star spangled banner .
a crowd of people in front of a building with columns . three soldiers are marching toward a crowd of people soldiers sitting down on white benches playing instruments . a large group of people is standing on the steps of a columned buildiung . they are all looking at something outside of the camera 's frame . a large crowd gathered in front of a white building .
someone started a fire in an abandoned car , as it sat by the side of the road . it was late and the sky was dark . fueled by gas , the fire quickly engulfed the entire car . a fire fighter fought the fire . working quickly , the fire began to abate . the glow of red and orange began to subside and the roar of the flames became quieter . the fire was put out , leaving a trail of smoke that sailed up in the night . a tow truck was on the scene and they got the lift ready so that they could transport the car to a junk yard .
small fire seen between two trees near street at night . a car on fire next to a tree during the night . firefighters that are rescuing a situation in the field . fire fighters putting out a car fire by a couple of trees . the patrolman spot the smoke and trying to stop .
a car is engulfed in flames after crashing into a tree . the fire rages as it clouds the tree to the rear . two firemen arrive and adjust the hose . they spray the car with water and begin to put out the flames . the flames are extinguished as the smoke clears and the men assess the situation .
a car is caught on fire near the barren trees . the fire is blazing strong in the forest . fire fighters fight a fire after dark with water hoses . fire is burning in the dark at night a couple of men watch as a policeman investigates .
a fire was reported on the roadside . it spread quickly . firefighters responded to the call and managed to get the fire under control . the cause of the fire turned out to be a vehicle malfunction . the firefighters eventually extinguished the fire .
there is a fire in the island of the street . a nightly view of a car in an inferno is moving from the car and setting the nearby woods on fire . two firefighters are trying to extinguish a blaze . two firefighters putting out a car fire off the road . firemen and workers putting out a car fire at night .
friends got together for a picnic in the park . here is our view from our picnic table . here is the feast that my friends and i prepared . this is my favorite food that was brought . this is my best friend who made this picnic in the park with friends possible .
a group of people smiling outside in front of trees people are gathered around the building with the red roof . getting ready to eat , look at all the great foodl a close-up view of wedges of lemons on top of seafood . asian man in white shirt with green symbols on its front .
for my birthday i invited family and friends over to the park for a picnic . i was so happy it was such a nice day for a picnic . we had so much food , everyone had a chance to bring some of their favorite dishes . i brought my favorite dish to the picnic , shrimp ! we all had a great day , and i 'm happy i got to spend it with my close friends and family .
the four people are posing for the camera with a smile . a large structure filled with people in a park a picnic table filled with a lot of food with people milling around sliced lemons sit on top of a pile of fresh shrimp . a man that is wearing a graphic design t-shirt .
our annual family reunion . we went to a great resort . there was a ton of great food . boiled shrimp , asian style . our newest member - [female] 's husband . they met in the organization organization .
people in the picture are standing close togetther grassy area in setting with tropical trees approaching ramada . many people are gathered around a table set up with food . several craw dads with slices of lemons on them a man in a white shirt sits in front of a picnic table .
this guy decided that he wanted highlights in his hair , so he asked his girlfriend for help . she laughed because she knew he was not going to enjoy the process , but she agreed to do it anyway . since they had no cape , she cut a hole in a trash bag and placed it over his head . he was skeptical when she first washed out his hair . he was not at all sure that he was going to like it . turns out , he was right . he did n't like it , but he knew that it would grow out so he was n't too upset .
person with silver tin foli on his head a girl is smiling at the camera while sitting on a couch . a man dressed in a costume made out of a trash bag . a man with a goatee is getting his hair colored . he posed for the picture with his bad smile
there 's noting better than a guy who dyes his hair . except a guy wearing a garbage bag . and wow did his armpits stink . i could n't even look . what a disaster .
a person with dark hair getting blonde highlights with foil in their hair . a person sitting on her couch getting her photo taken candidly . a man stands wearing a black garbage bag . man with mustache and beard looking up to right a shirtless man staring wearily into the camera
he is going to get foil highlights . the trashbag was used for his legs . his friend is helping with the hairdo . they stopped to show off their hair . here is the final product .
someone getting their hair frosted , they have foil wrapped around sections of hair . a woman is sitting on a black couch and is smiling a man that is dressed in a trash bag . a young man with a goatee prepares to take a shower . white male with dark brown hair and shirtless , smirking .
after exploring the beach for some time , the group came across a lonely seal that had sadly strayed too far . after finding the body of a seal , the group explored some more and were sad to discover that more seals had washed ashore . just near the beach there is a church that is known not only for its services , but the beautiful scenery that surrounds it . on the church grounds there exists a very stoic marble stature that is known because of the white alabaster that was used to create it . anyone that goes to jocko 's know that they can load up with a few kegs and get ready for any party , no matter how many attendees there might be .
a seal is throwing sand on its own back . several hundred sea lions laying on the beach of an island an elaborate , white church surrounded by palm trees . a statue of a white figure is on top of a pedestal . a few men in front of a cocktail building
i went to the beach yesterday . there were a lot of seals there . after a while i went back to town to do some sightseeing . there were a lot of great statues around the town . i stopped by the store to buy some barrels .
the sea lion is stuck in the sand but on the other hand he looks to be playing . the seals are resting after their long swim . a white building with a lot of detailed architecture . a statue of a man waiting at a chair jocko 's cocktail establishment with truck from [location] full of barrels parked outside .
the manatees washed up on shore . there were hundreds of deaths . the manatees could n't survive without water . instead of letting them go to waste , jacko decided to gather up the bodies and bring them to his restaurant . the kitchen smelled a little fishy after their new menu item arrived .
a small grey seal is playing in the sand . seals lounging on a sandy beach in the sun . a tall white building is next to many palm trees . a white statue of a man from the ancient greek time period . three men walking through a parking lot with a white and brown building behind them
along the way the couple spot a wild cat , blending into the foliage . near the end of their journey up , the couple find a small watering hole and decide to freshen their cantinas . a married couple are happy to start their early hike thru the mountains . along the way , the husband catches a spot where three mountain peaks are visible in one . after a full day , the couple take one last photo of a small peak near the end of the trail .
a bobcat peaks from behind dried grass and a cactus a small lake at the foot of a scrub covered hill , with bare earth surrounding it . man wearing green shirt standing next to woman wearing white hat woman posing for a picture with streaks of suddenly evening down onto badly a panorama shot of the top of a large hill looking at the landscape .
we went out for a hike today . there was nobody else there . nobody for miles . we ran into some wildlife . we were pretty tired at the end of the hike , but very happy .
a bobcat is blending in with his natural surroundings . small pond in open desert setting on dry day . a couple that is taking a picture on a tall mountain a man is on a hiking trail with a backpack . the panoramic view of the land is amazing and endless .
we saw a leopard . then we saw a pond . we stopped to take a picture . we continued walking . at the end of the day , the sun is setting soon .
wild gray and black cat in the middle of forest looking at camera . a small pond in an arid climate , at the foothills of small mountains . a man and woman talking a picture on a trail an image of a man walking on a hill mountains with grass on them with a sunny day
we enjoyed a view of the water from the beach . we watched the long boat sail by . we went under the canopy and enjoyed the ocean . we stared at the grass prarie . we looked at the two brown pig statues .
a broken stone bridge running across a calm river . two rafts on a river with benches and chairs on them . there is patio furniture under the bamboo huts on the beach . the people are standing up under the tree . a crab is hobbling along the water on the beach .
the bridge was falling in but the boats could get through . they got to the resort with the large tree and the interesting animals .
an old rundown bridge creates a pathway over the water . man is rowing a boat in the river . this image is of a small tiki hut that is on a beach . gathering of people around the bottom of the huge tree trunk a crab with black eyes is on the ground by some rocks .
we recently traveled along a vast river in a jungle . there were people on boats going up and down the river . we stopped for lunch at a restaurant on the river . after lunch , we watched children playing at the base of this large tree . we also saw many wild creatures along the way .
a stone bridge that is now falling apart a person is rowing a boat on a large body of water an outside deck is on the river during a very sunny day a group of individuals are looking at a tree . a small creature crawls by a rock wall .
the issue of fracking was apparent on the minds of new yorkers . a demonstration showed their disdain for fracking . during their demonstration , children walked around with a flag . other children walked with banners . parents and teachers accompanied other kids .
two females holding a a sign while standing on the snow a young boy with glasses with blue truck behind him several people walking down the street and one is carrying a flag . groups of people are marching down the city street holding banners on a cold winter day . a woman in winter coat smiling for the camera with a group of other people .
the woman stood in protest as the boy looked on . the people in white walked as they held a flag and protested .
two people holding a sign in the snow protesting fracking . a boy is standing in front of a pickup truck in the street a group of people dressed i whites robes and marching down a street . a group of people walking down the street . a small crowd gathered outside during the winter .
many of the town residents gathered together to protest against the fracking companies . men , women , and children all felt at risk at the potential problems caused by fracking . the sign was a good representation of what the people felt they needed to protest against . this young boy woke up bright and early to lend his voice . this was an important issue to the townspeople of location .
the two ladies are holding up a sign . a boy in glasses standing on the side of a street in the winter time . a group of demonstrators dressed in white and holding an american flag walk down the street . group of mostly kids walking down the street carrying a long blue piece of fabric . a lady that is wearing a purple jacket and mittens .
last weekend we went to organization . our favorite characters from finding nemo were there ! there were also great big roller coasters that we went on . we bought little gifts at the gift shop to . at the end , we enjoyed the lights at night .
a sign that is directing people to the pole . extremely large evergreen tree decorated for the holidays in a town center . christmas gifts glow in the light of the large christmas tree . a christmas sence with a glass ball with micky mouse the ribbon that is over the earth states `` peace on earth ''
the sign was helpful and fun , letting us know where the `` northpole began . '' the trees were beautiful and large , stretching toward the sky . the presents themselves were all beautifully arranged . i really wanted the organization organization snow globe for myself . i wanted to be sure our last message of the day was a positive one .
the sign says that north pole is in that direction . crowds of people walking down a street decorated for christmas including a very tall tree christmas packages are on display beneath a big christmas tree . the famous mouse couple in [location] suits are perfect inside the crystal ball ornament ! a peace on earth sign with children above it .
the sign was colored and the tree was big . there were many presents and ornaments . the sign was nice .
a bright red sign pointing to the right is on a collage . a small group of people surrounding a giant chrismas tree outside . wrapped christmas gifts are sitting in front of a large , decorated christmas tree . an ornament with minnie and mickey mouse in it . light up display with children spanning the globe , christmas holly , and `peace on earth banner .
today we went to the carnival.the first attraction we saw , was the fun house . the fun house had mirrors that made your body look very funny and look as if it where shaped oddly . the second ride was the zipper . i was bright and made you do flips in a cage . we went really high in the air and flipped a lot of times . the sun even set while we where in the air . we said goodbye to the carnival on our final ride , the farris wheel . it lifted us high enough to slowly watch the whole carnival .
a statue of a face on the side of a building ornately lit colorful mirrored item displayed with reflection . when i was thirteen i rode this dumb ride and threw up an amusement park ride that is well lighted . the ferris wheel at the annual city fair
i had a great time at the carnival . it was really beautiful . there were many lights there . the rides were crazy . i was very nervous .
ornate brass colored decorations surrounded by dim lights . and oval shaped mirror , framed in gold with light bulbs on the frame . an amusement park ride that is in the carnival . the amusement park ride is lit up but the individual cars are n't . large colorful ferris wheel ride at a carnival
the awning of the merry-go-round had the most beautiful masks . here is one of the mirrors on the extremely detailed merry-go-round . the whole gang eagerly awaited their turn to ride the world famous `` zipper '' . here 's the zipper in action as it reaches its peak . the ferris wheel was our last stop of the day and one of the more picturesque shots .
a close up of an ornamental detail on a carousel . an antique mirror is lit up with light bulbs . a brightly lit , red and yellow , carnival ride called the zipper . the ride was scary for all that rode in it a large ferris wheel appears to have no riders .
this man had a pet falcon . we visited the beach on this glorious day . we relaxed with each other . we found a sand crab on the beach . lastly , we lit up fireworks at night .
a man is holding a bird on his arm . a couple stands and takes in the scenery of the vast blue ocean water at the beach . a woman laying down on a rustic bed outdoors resting her head on a sitting male inside this pink bin is a crab with a small amount of sand and water . a cluster of fireworks that are in the sky .
i went to an island with my wife , and first thing we did was watch hawks . then we went to the beach to enjoy the view . when we got tired , we relaxed together . we even found some crabs that we put in a tub . we ended the night by watching gorgeous fireworks .
large bird resting peacefully on a guides arm a couple stand on a sandy beach and look a the ocean man sitting on wooden bench with a woman lying on his lap a crab is in a muddy red bucket . a group of people playing with sparklers at night
our exotic trip was fabulous . the palms were beautiful . here 's me and my boyfriend on the beach . the volcanic rock sand was really cool . and the waves were really big !
a man has a bird sitting on his arm picture of a man and woman standing on sand looking out over water . a woman is laying down on a mans lap . a crab sits in shallow water on sand in a pink tub . fireworks at night with fountains and sparklers on a stand .
[male] and [male] headed out on a ski trip . it was mostly going down hill , a good direction for skiing . when suddenly , the ran smack into the ocean ! they waited a while to see if a motorboat would come by and let them do water skiing instead . eventually they gave up and took shelter in this icy cave for the night .
two people on a ski lift going up a mountain . several people are cross country skiing down a trail through the woods . a snowy beach at sunset beyond a distant shore line . a sunset off the beach in the ocean . rushing water with icicles lining the overhead rock formation .
the winter weekend getaway began with a trip up the incline . we then traveled along a snowy road to get to the coast . the coast was very quiet and non-active at this time of the year . however , that did n't stop us from viewing a beautiful sunset . our final destination of the weekend was the underground caves .
the two skiers are on the lift going up the hill . two cross-country skiers travel on groomed trails on a sunny day . the water is calm and there is ice and snow covering the ground . at the end of the day the sun going down , there is still a reflection on the oceans horizon , bringing a calmness to the evening . ice and snow lining a frozen cave on a winter day
the two men rode the bus in a respectable manner . the snow was just beginning to melt outside . beyond the shore was a lovely ocean . the sun setting on this environment was absolutely amazing . we setup chairs in the snow so we can watch the sun rise and set .
two people are riding a ski lift up the mountain . two people cross country skiing in fresh snow a view of the skies from the shores of the beach . the sun is setting over a calm ocean . snow filled cavern with icicles hanging from the ceiling
on a recent trip to location , the tourists saw many traditional chinese attractions , including this temple . they were taken in some non traditional tours , such as through this river . the river was very narrow is areas , with lots of vegetation . there were trails to explore , and old , creaking bridges to cross . once they returned from the wilderness adventure , they had the opportunities to visit many more building and structures .
an oriental looking building is reflected in the water . asian themed building above a pool of green water . a large building that has engraved images and designs on the side of the building . a tall chinese tower is occluded by a grassy mountainside . a gate with asian characters on it decorated with stone lions and flowers .
mom thought this was the most beautiful sight . the kids loved how they could see the reflections in the water . dad was very interested in the designs of the various buildings . we all wondered how did anyone get up there . grandma thought that is was so mystical .
beautiful curved brick buildings sit against a cancel in [location] . the green tint water from the gators being housed is quite a view stacked roofs with images in relief on the stone faces . a small building in avery green area out side an entrance way to a park with many trees in it .
we woke up in the morning to a marvelous hotel site . we were above a lake in our room . the grand hotel had three floors . it even had an ancient guard tower . the entrance to the hotel was very broad and open .
long building with a white fence right near the water . the reflection of the gate can be seen in the water . a building with an ornate design stands in front of a bright blue sky . a pagoda style building in the middle of the forest . a group of people stand under a large asian structure given them shade
jin song decided she wanted some tea . so she got all the girls together and went to the tea shop . at the shop they saw wang tu , and invited her to join . later they called up some of the guys from school . they all decided to go down by the marina and hang out .
japanese symbols surround the doorway to a building . a design of cream is in the coffee that stands on the sidewalk next to the water . three men sitting on a ledge and drinking beer . a person is buying drinks at a street side bar . a man holding a bear poses for a picture with a woman
a group of friends meet at a street restaurant . they start off my ordering coffee . the friends wait outside for their food . one of the women ask for more coffee . they sit and enjoy the day .
a brick building has a door surrounded by chinese characters a coffee mug that sits near the body of water . three young men sit on a concrete ledge holding beers . a person with scarf on orders food over the counter of a sidewalk food shop . two people sit outside while they have a beer .
it had the best coffee in the world . patrons could get many options . they looked forward to relaxing with a cup . and getting their preference fulfilled . sitting down with company was a relaxing experience .
a door that leads to the heart of the building . a mug of hot cocoa has white swirls in it . a group of three men sitting on a wall sharing beers . a man is standing at the counter of a small stand selling food . a young couple sitting and enjoying a drink
this small fishing town along the coast brings in some of the best fish sold in the local markets . they head out daily to get their hauls before too many non commercial fishermen get out there . one of their biggest competitors are the pelicans though . most come in before they need to rely on the lighthouse in case of bad weather . they all agree hands down that fish or no fish the sunsets ca n't be beat .
people walk along the docks at a cruise port . there are several smaller boats and a cruise ship docked there . these are navy men sailing in a blue ocean the bird is flying over the clear green water . lighthouse in the foreground with beautiful sunset in the background . a red sunset over a the horizon and a cloudy sky .
we decided to go on our boat on this hot summer day . it was a pleasant ride as the weather was perfect . we even saw a seagull . this lighthouse looked lonely in the distance . the sky was beautiful and amazing .
boats are docked at the pier on a sunny day . a sheriff 's boat is driving through the water . bird flying low over the ocean looking for fish . a lighthouse that can be seen at night . a sunrise with beautiful shades of red , orange , and yellow .
it was a good day on the dock . a small boat decided to have a day out . he went far out into the ocean . a bigger boat met up with the small boat . they rode off into the sunset together .
people walking down the sidewalk toward the boat . a small sheriff 's boat sails in the water . a bird is flying low close to green waters a light house stands next to some trees so it can help the sailors colorful sunset and clouds depicted in open area .
we arrived just in time to see all of our old friends . the food all looked amazing . the desserts were just as good . we talked all night long . some of us even got tattooed to celebrate .
the people are drinking wine and having a good time . the lobster is on a plate in a red sauce . a very fancy dessert dish with a single birthday candle sticking out of it an asian woman is talking to a guy a person shows off the bar stamp they got the night before
they all went out for some drinks and food . this looked so tasty and smelled wonderful . the pastries were delicious . they were enjoying some fun conversation with him . the stamp was a way to remember the night .
a group of people are having fun at a bar . a plate of lobster is shown on a white plate . a tasty desert from a fancy restaurant for the birthday . two women and a man sitting in a booth at a bar , having drinks and conversing with each other . a person 's wrist with a club entrance stamp on it .
we dined at this french put on our european tour . i could n't pronounce the name of this dish , but it was delicious ! the dessert was the best part of the meal . but the conversation afterward was even better . the admission stamp reminded us of our adventure until it washed away .
people gathered in a restaurant are having a good time and taking pictures mexican food is served on a large round plate a fruit topped pastry with a candle is on the plate . people surrounding a table while laughing and drinking alcohol a person 's arm with a stamp on it .
[female] was ecstatic about her birthday gift . her sister did not know what was going on . it was time to light the candles . [female] blew them out in two puffs . she then saw her next gift , a personalized purse .
a little girl that is riding on top of a bike . the birthday child dons a hat , albeit none too cheerfully . a person is putting a candle on a birthday cake a little girl is blowing out her birthday candles with five candles . a girl with barbie dolls in a bag , sitting in a red chair .
i taught my daughter how to ride her bike today . she had a great time . she only fell four times . she was okay though . afterward i bought a cake for her .
a small girl sitting on a bike and wearing a pink helmet a girl with a pink shirt and birthday hat in yellow chair . birthday cake decorated with suckers for candles being lit for a three year old . a little girl blows out her birthday candles . the little girl is holding a bag with two barbies inside .
she is ready to have a blast on her tricycle ! she is having lots of fun right now ! now she is walking and very happy ! he is just sitting inside ! he is just fine ! now they will enjoy the awesome cake !
a young girl in pink rides her pink bike . a baby that is wearing a pink hat and sitting in the yellow chair . a hand lights a candle on a colorful birthday cake . the little girls tries to blow out five candles on her birthday cake . a young girl is sitting on a couch with dolls .
the dinner party was great . we invited the entire family we had some newborns with us . we toasted a fine dinner . afterward we had a beautiful cake .
a multi tiered cake is decorated with purple and brown and white dots and stripes and is topped with an elephant . a group of seniors sits around a table having dinner at a restaurant . small group of woman standing around a chocolate fondue machine four tiered cake on a round table near a woman . this image would not load for this hit .
family and friends gather to celebrate the anniversary of loved ones . all of the children gather to take a picture for their parents who are celebrating their anniversary . the grandchildren 's eyes even light up with happiness . the happy couple is often on the receiving end of heart-felt toasts . after everyone is thanked for coming , the cake is often cut and the partying begins .
a fancy purple and white cake has an elephant on the top . a smiling group is enjoying a fresh fruit brunch . a group of people are gathered around a chocolate fountain at a restaurant . a large purple , brown , and white cake on top of the table and a lady speaking into the microphone . a women is holding onto her two children while they fool around .
a brown , white and purple cake is the desert of choice at the gathering . guests sat at white tablecloth tables and ate their dinner . many people enjoyed the chocolate fountain . a guest speaker stole the show before the cake was served . kids and adults danced after dinner .
a very nicely decorated cake , with an elephant on top . three couples posing for a picture at a restaurant . the group of people was a the chocolate machine a lady singing next to a pretty cake . a woman is holding the hands of her two kids who are very active
i asked my girlfriend if i could show her my moves on her bike . she thought it was a bad idea but i took it anyway . look at me zoom ! what 's the worst i thought ? yup , i got the bike stuck in the water . it was fun though .
the man on the bike stopped to ask the lady for directions . two men are standing next to a pole on the road outside a man with a hat rides a pink bicycle bare footed , he rides the pinkbike through water that almost submerges the wheels . woman on a pink child 's bike which is partially submerged in water .
look at those rabbits . time for dinner ! i 'll go catch them ! i just got ta make this jump . then i can grab them ! almost there ... wow ... that was a failure .
a woman talking ro a man riding a pink bike two men talking , one is on a bike a man makes a face as he ride a pink bicycle . a person peddling a pink bicycle in the water [female] had made an unexpected plunge into the lake .
this man decided to ride his daughters bike and mess with people this morning . this man asked him what he was up to . the man with the pink hat rode off . he decided to ride in the waters to get people to notice him . after about five minutes , he realized he was stuck in the water .
man riding pink bicycling talking to woman holding water bottle a guy riding a bike is talking to someone in blue jeans a man with glasses is riding on the pink bike . a man riding a bike through deep water . a person riding a small bike through very deep water .
a group of bicyclists decided to bike through a mountain trail . it was extremely sunny and hot that day . the road was really rough as they were going downhill . they even had to test their balance by going on a log . one of the bicyclists decided to bust out a trick .
bikers are riding in a line on a dirt trail man in full riding gear on an off road bicycle on a paved pathway . four bicyclists descending a rugged looking grassy hill slowly the bikers made their careful way across the log bridge . 1 person riding a bicycle on gravel , outdoors , shrubbery in background
everyone was meeting up on the trails for a day of riding . the trail was rough at certain points but it was exciting to hit the jumps . we all had to tread carefully as we rode down a muddy hill . everyone had to watch their balance as we crossed a log suspended over a creek . it was a tough and muddy ride but we all had a great time .
a bunch of people are riding bikes on a trail a man on a bike rides down a rural bike path four bicyclists are carefully riding down a steep hill . four people crossing the wooden bridge on bikes . the man is performing tricks on his bicycle .
going on a hike with their mountain bikes . about to take a hill for the first time in a long time . descending the mountain hill . crossing the forrest , and using a tree branch as a bridge . doing cool tricks with his bikes .
a procession of mountain bikers ride through rough terrain . a man on a bike following a path in the woods . four cyclists riding down a steep dirt path in the woods . the bicyclists are riding their bikes on a log bridge . a man that is doing a trick on a bike .
his vacation consisted of much hiking to beautiful locations . there were many opportunities for great pictures along the hikes . it 's too bad the clouds obscured the great view during this hike . another beautiful walk out by the water and another great picture . time to head back for the night after another long day of hiking .
a man in glasses and sandals sits a top a hill in front of an ocean view . a man in white t-shirt sits in front of a mountain vista . a young man with a backpack standing on a rock . a man is leaning on a tree in front of the ocean . the brick arch way is framing the wooden door .
on a trip through a quaint village . with the ubiquitous church . just a dirt road going through the mountainside . what a sight . this tree must get pummeled by the wind . posing on the rocks . we hiked up to this majestic sight .
man sitting on a concrete wall overlooking the ocean . he was excited to finally be in the wilderness and experience the mountains . a man in glasses and carrying a backpack poses for a photo on a ledge of a mountain . a man is photographed next to a large tree . an old wooden door is there , wonder if anyone is home .
the man 's vacation started off on the right foot . he saw the beautiful loch ness . from there , he took a hike up the surrounding hills and had a great view of the countryside . as he gets higher , he put on his jacket . at the very top , he found a lonely tree , standing by itself at the summit . feeling satisfied , he returns back to his hotel , with the unique door sculpture .
the man is posing for a picture on a high cliff with water in the background . a man is sitting on the inner portion of a ledge overlooking a beautiful view of the mountains . he looks happy . there is a large body of water beyond the mountains . there are many green trees in sight . a man standing on a cliff with a cloudy sky . a guy that is standing under a tall tree a large face carved in stone hangs above a large wooden door
the goal was to reach the top of this mountain with group by mid-day . there were about 20 of us following our guide and it was a tough uphill climb at the top , we had a breathtaking view , it 's like we could touch the clouds . we all stopped and had lunch under a large cross near the top . we had a great time wandering around a nearby river and just admiring the scenery .
mountains with green grass covering them under cloudy skies a long line of hikers are going across a grassy mountain . people are walking on the rocky terrain among mountains . many people on a rock hill with a cross in the center . three people walking along the edge of a river .
looking at the mountain it looked like nothing special . but , as our group climbed the anticipation grew stronger . at the top , the terrain became much rockier and less grassy . then , we saw the cross . many people were touched by the experience . after traveling down the mountain some people were baptized in the river .
a craggy hill side covered in green grass . a group of backpackers climb the steep and rocky mountain side . hikers trek carefully over the treacherously rocky terrain . people are sitting on the rocks around the cross . majestic river with huge rocks and boulders strewn about it .
the beginning of our hike up the mountain . half way there enjoying the water in the bowl continuing the hike in a line up the mountain we made it the top of the mountain oddly there was a cross up at the top .
a rocky mountain terrain stands next to grassy summit . several people hiking up the side of a mountain the two men walked over the scattered remnants of the ancient volcano . people gathered on a hill with a cross on it . three hikers roam near a stream in a large field
location is the place to be ! the boats take you all over . the buildings are exquisite . here is an enormous spider web . check out the mermaid i got to see . here is a castle . location has so many great sights to see .
a few boats docked by the side of building on a canal . the tall building features several intricate and elaborate spires . a person is riding their bike outside a large building a high up camera shows people walking next to a canal an abandoned castle in the middle of the forest .
the city on the water is a sight to see . it 's got such beautiful architecture , and people everywhere . everyone should go at least once .
on a boat line canal , bridge has been raised to allow taller boats access . people walking in a town with gothic architecture . the tourists are walking and riding bicycles around the old church . various people walking next to the water side . this is a picture of an old castle
the view of the canal alone was worth the trip . the architecture was spellbinding . we 've never seen buildings so old . the streets were lit up and lively . this old castle was our last stop before leaving .
boats line a city canal , with european style buildings on each side . a gothic church with a cloudy gray sky in the background . even on the gloomy day people are still getting out and about . it is a nice day to take a walk along the canal . the gray castle looks like it is a tourist attraction .
a fire broke out in the distance . a man living near by saw this and called the fire department . the fire was starting to die down after a couple of minutes . it was all over the news and media . after the fire was put out , the building was already ruined .
a photo of a city scene as the sun is going down . a man looking out of the window at the sites he see . a bunch of buildings with smoke in the sky . a monitor next to window showing a huge cloud from an explosion while the monitor shows the same huge cloud nigh time photo of an apartment complex being bombed .
[male] has noticed smoke billowing in the west . he calls 911 even though he guesses that others have already done so . the entire sky is filling with smoke . he can now see the flames above the roof top . he has walked closer to the fire and sees that it is quite large . he goes into his friend 's house and together they watch the events unfold .
there is apartments pic is very dark its at night the man looks out the window as he talks on his phone . an apartment complex shines in the low shine of the sunset . tv showing news footage of a fire a smoke with smoke outside of the viewers window . a view of the street from the top of the building .
a fire started in the apartment across the street . a man called the fire department to try to get help . as the fire department pulled up , they could see a lot of smoke . the news quickly got ahold of the story and started broadcasting . as the sun went down , the fire department began to gain control of the flame .
a sunset taken over a group of buildings in a blurry scene . a man talks on his phone and looks out his window to see a fire . smoke rises into the sky behind buildings in a residential area . a television screen that is showing what it looks like outside . several building with the lights on close together at night .
today my family wanted to play outside , the organization was broken and the hose outside provided us with a cooling mist . my mom thought it was so cute when i ran around `` cooling '' everyone with the hose . my dad and my mom move the couch outside so granny could sit . she could n't stand for long but she played with me as best as she could . i love being outside . i especially love when my sis pushes the swing for me ! after a long day we drove granny back to her own home , she was n't able to drive due to her bad knee ...
a small child turns the hose on the camera taker . a woman with red hair smiles at the camera . a woman and a little girl smile as they sit together on a sofa . a woman is pushing a young kid in a swing two bright yellow lights down a dark paved road .
the little girl got a hold of the garden hose . uh oh , what will she do . she 's already spraying ii . she started spraying the glass door . then she sprayed some plants . she went back spraying the door trying to get the person on the other side .
a little kid spraying a water hose at the camera . [female] day with relfections on the wall and a girl with brown hair a you child and an older woman smile and play a woman pushes a toddler in a blue plastic swing mounted to the porch . headlights of vehicles on the road at night .
my little niece came to visit last week . her mom was looking good as she always does . i had a blast playing ball with her . when we put her in the indoor swing she became very excited . the road was gloomy as they headed back home .
a toddler is holding a hose and spray nozzle , spraying a fine mist of water at the camera . a pretty girl with casual hair and a tank top is pleasant while this picture is taken . a woman sits on a sofa hugging a small child that is holding a ball . a smiling woman on a porch watches as a very young child swings toward her on a blue swing . some cars are driving on the street at night .
it 's christmas and finally time for the location location location . homes and buildings all decorate in fun colors . this is a hair shop that sells a lot of handmade hair ribbons . this display is on someones front lawn . at the end , the cars drive through this tunnel of lights and back to the main highway .
the christmas lights light up the entrance to [location] [location] [location] cars going passing a christmas light sign in the night time . some light up flowers on the outside fo a restaurant christmas lights of a bow and poinsettia in white and red . holiday decorations light up the night in a visual display .
lit up display is seen as they drive down the road at night . bows and ribbons light up the highway . some red and green flowers light up the night . some closer photos of the bows are seen . from a distance there are some toy block light displays .
very large light display featuring christmas candles cars on a highway pass under an overpass decorated for the holidays . two flowers made of lights hanging on an overpass . christmas lights , outlining the shape of a large bow , with a poinsettia beneath . it is dark outside . there are 5 lighted figures with christmas lights .
the lights were big and near the highway . there were flowers and a big ribbon that people could see .
a roadway overhead sign that is lit and says 'wayne county lightfest . ' the red car is driving infront of the balck car light up poinsettias are above the [location] [location] sign . a lit up bow and poinsetta decorations on a bridge a series of lights show typical baby toys ,
here is the start to the winter snow storm of 2015 ! our road could only be driven on by four wheel drives . the local animals enjoyed the weather though . and too did my wife , [female] , traipsing out in the snow . this car sure is n't going anywhere anytime soon .
a hill is covered with snow on a hill a man in a jacket walking on a snowy road in between some rock walls . a sheep walking down a hill with mountain behind and an impressive rock wall . the woman is standing in a mound of snow . a slug bug parked with snow on it .
[male] and helga went for a fun trip to the mountains . this is helga all snuggled up and warm . the snow was pretty thick . [male] is pointing at some dark clouds in the distance . [male] and helga were found a week later dead and frozen in their vw .
the hills are covered with snow and the trees have no leaves a man wearing a dark blue winter coat and black pants is trudging up a snow-covered road toward a hill in the distance , between two fences made of stones that are almost as tall as he is . the lone sheep wanders the snowy fields of the mountain . an older woman walks through piles of snow . a volkswagon beetle is partially covered in snow while parked outside .
today we went to the snowy highlands . we walked down old roads and saw some sheep . we climbed a snowy hill . at the top we saw an old car buried in the snow .
landscape with of rolling hills , barren trees and snowfall a man walks down tire tracks in the snow on a desolate trail . a lone sheep is walking a long a snow covered road next to a hill . a woman climbs the side of a hill to meet her husband in the deep snow . a [organization] bug covered in snow that is parked .
the [male] 's headed out to their private island . little [male] looked for seashells . they headed a little inland to their gorgeous cabana . their window gave them a great view . as the sun set , the organization watched .
backs of three young people sitting on prow of wooden boat a young boy on the beach with his toes in the water . a house sits among lush green grass , plants and trees . the fully grown palm tree extends towards the vast ocean water , where people relax and swim at the end of the day . couple on sandy beach near water at sunset
the family was on a boating trip when they saw a boy on shore . the home had many trees and so did the beach where a romantic couple shared a kiss .
a group of people in swimsuits are in the front of a boat on the water . a child sinking into the sand on a beach . a deck overlooking a garden with many plants . the palm tree is beautiful against the sun set the couple walked on the beach as the sun is setting .
they arrived at the beach where they were staying . the house they rented for the weekend was beautiful . there was a nice view of the beach . the kids decided to go sit on the pier . they watched the waves in the crystal blue water .
group of small children sitting looking at the ocean . a baby boy that is sitting near the ocean . a group of wooden buildings has very well manicured lawns . a palm tree that is on the shores of the beach . a couple strolls along a beach at sunset , a palm tree silhouette in the foreground .
[female] and her family went hiking together the took pictures of the beautiful mountains . little [male] wonders around on the mountain top . [female] and her family take a photo atop the mountains . they took one last picture as they headed down .
three people sitting together on a rock with the wind blowing through their hair and smiling at the camera . beautiful mountainside view with picturesque clouds in the sky and a valley below . a woman and two small children standing on at wooden platform the father with his two little children are going to climb a mountain a mother and son sitting on a rock in the woods .
mom , my brother , and myself pose for a pic at the location location . i got to take a photo all by myself ! i liked the part when we were at the highest part of the mountain . we even took a pic with my dad . but my favorite part was when me and mom spent time alone together .
a woman and two children enjoying themselves on the edge of the rocks . a mountain side overlooking landscape on a mildly cloudy day . a mother and two boys are sightseeing nature . the man is carrying a baby on his back . a woman sits on a rock with her little boy in a wooded area .
it 's hike with your kid day . glad to see alot of people showed up . what beautiful rocks . love this . met some nice people along the way . they took this picture of us . these are our new friends . here we are , saying goodbye til next year .
a woman and two kids are sitting outside the mountain cliff-sides by the ocean made for dramatic scenery . the mom and her two sons are standing at a scenic point on their trip . a man is holding two children in a field the lady in the jeans and hat is sitting with a boy
night is coming and this house was being shut down its family as the fireworks were tonight . as the night got darker the street lights were coming on . in the distance you can see one firework go off . as we walk closer to town another firework has gone off . we have reached our seats and the fireworks were going off with such beauty .
a snow covered house with boarded up windows . a yellow and green house with a lake in front snow on the ground by trees and the house . a swarm of bugs is illuminated as it flies by a building at night . fireworks at night next to a historic building .
[male] loved fireworks so much he always got a room in a bed and breakfast near the big fireworks display . it was a nice bed and breakfast , but the real appeal was the fireworks . he would get so excited at the very first flare going up . when the sky was filled with fireworks leftover light , his heart would sour . each different firework was special to him . it was his favorite day of the year .
an old farm house taken in the winter time with snow on the roof . the front of the building is covered with snow . a snow covered hillside at the edge of nightfall . a big cloud of birds is seen against the night sky . a illuminated building captured in a photo of fireworks .
this is my house out in the country . you can see the sky in the background lit up from the fireworks . here is a view from inside the city where the fireworks are being lit . there goes another one ! the night sky is nice and clear to view the display . here goes the last one for the night .
an older building with lots of windows and some are boarded up green lights are reflecting off a building at night snow is on the ground and lightning is just starting to strike . the lights in the tree looked like fireworks in some of the pictures the bright white fire works are lighting up the sky .
we got ready for the housewarming party pretty quickly . my boyfriend is a great cook and can whip up a meal in an hour or less . we decorated the living room with christmas ornaments . laid items and futons all over the floor . and had a great time together with our friends .
a small christmas tree is on a brown chair . this wrapping paper is outstretched and crumpled in some areas . two men and a woman are sitting on the couch smiling a hand preparing food on a stovetop in a kitchen . a living room littered with things on the floor and a woman sitting on the couch holding something .
the house was decorated and ready for the holidays . we had a bit of a mess to clean up after wrapping gifts . we were tired , though , so we decided to rest on the couch first . afterwards , everyone helped out making dinner . once dinner was over , we all got to work cleaning up the mess we had made .
some gifts wait to be opened under a little christmas tree and cards wait on the television . torn wrapping paper , a common left-over from birthdays and holidays . family is hanging out laying down and sitting hand over a stove with two pans of food . a woman holding something , sitting in a living room with a lot of toys and bags and boxes on the floor .
it was christmas day . everyone was wrapping all of their gifts family was laying around and having fun . mom was in the kitchen cooking . everyone had a great day .
holiday greeting cards are displayed on a table while a small decorated christmas tree sits in a nearby corner . wrapping paper is laid out on the carpet three people together , two are laughing one is asleep . preparing a big meal on the stove with pots and pans of food . a livingroom is littered with bins and packages while people sit around .
i decided i wanted to learn how to shoot a gun . i took lessons on gun safety , and proper usage . i learned how to load my clip . then i finally had a chance to shoot , it was such a rush . i did n't do too bad for my first time , i had a great time .
men in room with guns pointing in air as if they are in a meeting three people sitting in chairs are holding up rifles group of people playing games on wooden tables in room . five people lined up with guns doing target practice . two people hold up their targets at the shooting range .
the people are at a rifle class . they need to take these classes to legally shoot at the range . they are learning how to load the gun . they 're working on how to hold the guns . after target practice they hold up their targets to show their shots .
people have guns and are sitting in chairs listening to something people sitting in a classroom while holding onto rifles people putting .22 caliber shells into the magazines of ruger 10-.22 rifles . a group of students are holding up rifles . two people are covering their faces with target practice .
the kids were sitting in shooting practice . they had wanted to learn to shoot and today was their first day of lessons . they learned in classroom and set up things . then they began to learn to shoot . they were not so great the first time , but practice makes perfect !
four men sit at desks and hold guns pointed towards the ceiling . students are learning about firearms in a class . the students were having a competition in the library . children practice the use of firearms in a classroom , which is obviously a fantastic idea and wo n't end in tragedy . two people holding paper targets in front of their face
i looked outside my hotel window at all the people while on vacation . the crowd was large but i made my way through to my destination . i posed for a picture that my boyfriend took . the museum was so amazing that i did n't want to leave . after a long day of sight seeing , i made it back to my hotel room .
a large group of people are walking around a huge crowd of people are walking around a plaza around two ancient stone buildings . a woman with sunglasses sitting down at a park with people . a large number of bones have been put together to make an image . a group of people are in a plaza
we were mesmerized by the crowds nearby ! the whole town gathered for the speech ! we had fun adventuring through the city ! we had a great time discovering what the unique city had to offer ! we loved the community mindedness of the group we traveled with !
a lot of people are walking around in a city square . a large crows is gathered near two buildings , one of which is fairly modern while the other resembles a classical greek structure . a young woman sits on a small brick wall at a park . the eerie artwork is done with many skulls people are gathered outside around an obesilk during the day
[male] was in location to see the sites . he took a picture of this beautiful looking building . next he made his way to the next building . he asked someone to take a picture of him in front of it . at last it was time to leave and go home .
a large crowd of people near the monument . many people standing around outside a large building . a woman relaxing sitting on a cement wall at the park finely decorated wall has genuine skulls on it the people are gathered in the town square
the group gathered before the play for a fun photo . they were all excited to see the show . from their seats in the balcony , they watched in wonder . they cheered and clapped as the actors took to the stage for a bow . after the show , the group decided to visit their favorite local restaurant . they talked and drank into the night , smiling for many pictures and enjoying their time together .
a group of people are standing in front of an orchestra pit and stage . the play members are on the stage practicing . men and women in costumes performing on stage . the people are sitting and talking at the restaurant . the group all smiles and may have had a few too many drinks .
the thespian group gathered to preform their play last night . the stage lighting was brilliantly done . the actors did a wonderful job on the performance . when the show was done , the actors congratulated each other on a job well done . they were happy to have done a good performance .
the rather dark hotel foyer is a poor place to take a picture of such a bright group of people . three men dressed in old fashioned wigs and judges robes are standing on a stage that is brightly lit to the front . a group of women and men on stage dressed formally during a performance . three friends having drinks together in a house three people are sitting on a couch and smiling
it was great to gather the group together before the show . the cast was fantastic , they made the scenes come to life . when the show ended all of the actors gathered together to say farewell to the audience . mom and i talked about our favorite scenes while we ate dinner after the show . every thought the ending was quite hilarious .
a group of people standing arm in arm in a dark room posing for a picture . an image of three people performing on stage a woman sings on stage surrounded by people in costume a group of friends are enjoying dinner together . a group of people are sitting near a white wall
we started at the top of the slope in the morning . we made our way down the slope slowly . it got a little cloudy outside and the conditions seemed dangerous . we made it to the bottom safely . at the end of the day we had some spaghetti .
a snowboarder looking up the large ski slope . a ski lift at a skiing center that goes up over the hill . some skiers are standing on a snowy slope . the snow is so high it is hard to get anywhere . a plate of pasta with chicken and cheese .
i liked the way the day started out today . it was sunny and clear . soon the skies began to get very dark . visibility got very bad . we decided to take a break and get something to eat .
a lone person is seen on the bottom of a snowy hill snow covers the ground at sunrise in this picture . a gloomy sky with skiers on a mountain . a snow covered hill with power lines stretching across it a plate of delicious food is on display here .
we did a little snowboarding today . the slopes were pretty empty . it looked like snow , so more people came out for the possible fresh powder . it got pretty snowy . we went inside for a big plate of pasta in cream sauce .
the snow skier is at the bottom of a ski slope . a snow covered hill is barren except for a ski lift two people travel down a snowy ski hill . a snow filled landscape with electrical poles in rows . spaghetti with a cream sauce and cheese on top .
the dark church was creepy in the lingering light . the carvings in the wood shone strangely . a girl asked her friend to take her picture in the dimly lit church . her friend then took a selfie before getting creeped out . they ran outside- it was much safer there .
a set of windows that are inside of a church . a seat with a carving of a monkey a woman poses in a grand cathedral with tall ceilings . the woman with glasses is looking into the camera . lady standing next to black sculpture on sidewalk
the day was gloomy and the stained glass was made darker by the lack of light from the sun . i realized , i must use my camera on my cellphone so i could later identify the statues . i was alone , but i could feel that i was being watched . but always ready and willing for a selfie . maybe , they might think i 'm a tourist . finally , i compared the statues . damn ! they do n't match . my search continues .
beautiful long stain glass windows in a church an old wooden bench with a monkey carved on the side . a curly haired woman poses in a church a woman wearing glasses is looking at the camera a woman is underneath a big statue outside a house .
the church had some beautiful stain glass . as well as some amazingly carved pews . we could also see an old church bell that was on display . the statues cut an imposing silhouette . it was a humbling experience .
this is a beautiful view of the cathedral windows an image of a monkey carved into the wood . woman standing in an old cathedral styled church a curly haired woman wearing glasses and a scarf a woman stands next to a statue outside .
the new lighted curtains were designed to relax the atmosphere . there was even a machine that created spiral holograms in the air the lighted picture frames were my favorite at the light art show . then there was the light curtains that were perfect for halloween . it is amazing how lights can be used to depict different symbols .
a string of florescent blue lights against a black backdrop . a scientific illusion in the middle of a room a display that features picture frames with images of eyes . lights with a black background , you can make out lines of a person . small lights create intricate patterns inside a glass enclosure at a restaurant .
the art museum had new art works . all the art was based on lights . this one has red lights . the many lights piece was interesting . this one looks like star .
a set of lights that are lighting up the room . a box that is emitting a web of lights in a dark room . six thin posts each have a picture of an eye on them . two standing figures are behind a glittery curtain . multi-colored lights and a light sculpture brighten up this dark scene .
strands of hanging blue lights light up a dark room . a machine makes a unique light show . pictures of different eyes on stands are a unique piece of art . strands of lights are put together to represent humans . this jar holds lights making different red shapes .
an image of spider web shaped lights hanging in the middle of the room , there is a swirling light . a line of six different pictures each containing one eyeball . i strange photo of something i do not know how to describe . unusual lighted display stands among event guests at night .
not another ice cream , she said . you 're gon na get fat if you do n't watch it she told him . it 's just an ice cream he said . okay , okay , hurry up and finish it so we can get on a ride . so he wolfed it down and did n't tell her about the brain freeze it gave him .
a man that is eating a vanilla ice cream cone . a man in a blue shirt eating something while standing in front of a bunch of water fountains the man on top of the roller coaster was not in a car a saying of a group of people on a chair type of ride lady in the foreground , giving a type of gesture a glass building near a lot of water .
i went to the fair last week . i ate a lot of snacks . there were many roller coasters there . i had a great time . afterward we left to eat some dinner .
the man is enjoying his ice cream cone . man is squinting his eyes from sun and eating ice cream a group of people that are ready to ride . people ride a swing at an amusement park . a low glass office building with water moat in modern style .
my friend eating an ice cream cone . still eating the cone , just from a different view . here comes a big roller coaster that we will be on next . here i am waiting to go up on the swings . time to relax for awhile and go back to the room .
the man is eating an ice cream cone outside an image of a man sucking on ice cream cone a roller coaster with people on it spiraling along track a woman giving thumbs up o na carnival ride . a photo of two building made of mostly glass surrounded by water .
we arrived at our destination as the sun was going down . that was fine because we were pretty tired from the long trip . after a good nights sleep we went exploring and came across a long the dock . we walked down the dock for a while . when we came to the end we found ourselves on a rocky beach where we spent some time looking for crabs . in the distance the clouds rolled in and we thought we would get caught in the rain . fortunately , the clouds passed and we enjoyed the rest of our day at the seashore .
a view of the sunset from a beach at the lake photo of a bunch of sail boats docked in the water . a body of water bordered by tree-covered hills sits underneath puffy clouds . view of the water and mountains with some dwellings on the side . a large lake with a house in the middle and hills in the back .
the family is going on a trip to the beach . the family is a dad , mom , and their son . the son is excited because they are going on a boat ride . the boat sets off and travels around the bay . the family takes in the sites from the boat and they are happy that they decided to come .
a body of water with the sun rising above it . sailboats with the sails down sitting in the harbor . the landscape includes a mountain and a river . a panoramic view of buildings near the water . a small hut is on the docks next to the lake .
the man was on his way to the beach . first he had to walk to the boardwalk . as he walked up it he was getting excited . here he is descending it to the sand , getting closer . then he had to cross a few rocks . finally , he made it to the wonderful beach !
the sun above the trees shines brightly over a lake . a marine with sailboats and a tree filled bluff behind . a body of water is drying up with trees in the background . a seaside scene of mountains , rice paddies , and huts . this peaceful scene is of the ocean and mountains in the distance .
it is christmas time again and as you can see my beautiful daughter has been busy decorating the tree . here is my little family all together for a group family christmas photograph to put in our album . i always take a picture of my beautiful wife and two wonderful daughters during the christmas season . it looks like i was good this year because location seems to have left me something under the tree and i always love my gifts no matter what they are . my daughters are getting into action unwrapping what we gave them for christmas and i sure hope i did good with my gift selection because i want to see some big smiles .
a woman smiles for a photo next to a decorated christmas tree . a plaid pattern tablecloth is on a table a group of individuals are on the chair posing for a picture . an elderly man unwraps a gift during the holiday season . 2 people behind large presents , one posing and pointing toward decoration
we spent christmas at uncle [male] 's house . the dinner table was decorated with my uncle 's favorite plaid cover . my dad is on a business trip so only my mom and sister came with us . my uncle does n't know i got him a miniature trombone as a gift . i got my sister a miniature boat for no reason whatsoever .
young woman in living room of home during holidays . the table is set for a meal enough for six people to sit . three women and a man are sitting on the couch together . a man is opening a christmas gift . girl with black and blond hair posing with a miniature boat .
me standing next to our family christmas tree.i love christmas so much . this is our dinner table , we have been eating at this table since i was a little girl.mom is a great cook . my sister and i with our parents.ronald and [female] stockholder.i love my family.we had such a great dinner . dad opening his present i bought him.he 's not a kid but she was sure acting like one . mom and dad gave us our gifts as well . 'i 'm so goofy.mom always picked out the prettiest wrapping paper .
the woman is in the living room standing beside the christmas tree . a dining room table set with plates , glasses , and decorations four adults seated on small couch in indoor photo . a man receives a wrapped package during the christmas holidays . two women react as they look at wrapped packages .
the astrology lecture was eagerly anticipated by the enthusiasts . everyone was interested to see the latest slides . though there was one glitch during the presentation . it was an interesting lecture . this was by far my favorite slide .
a sticker on a person 's leg depitcting an outer space project . students sit in an auditorium and watch a video of a man . the room is dark with a gray and blue picture showing . a slide of a photo of an asteroid or moon like object . a darkened room with some people giving a presentation .
the mission was deep impact . it was an attempt to crash into an asteroid . the scientists gathered to see the results . the scientists made their presentation . then it was time to see if their hard work had payed off . the video was good and the mission was a success .
a round black sticker endorsing a space event . a man on a large screen in front of a group of onlookers . the brilliant moon has a glow from this angle . obstructed aerial view seems to show stark landscape . a person that is getting ready to present for the event .
mr. staple , a former astronaut , put on a presentation for a class . the class was eager to learn from mr. staple . he showed the class pictures he took while in space . he showed some fascinating pictures of the moon that wowed the class . mr. staple put on an interesting presentation and the class learned a whole lot from him .
a white sleeve with a sticker on it that says , `` deep impact , [organization] , [organization] , u of [location] , ball aerospace '' . an audience looks with interest at an image of an elder gentleman with a big belly that is being projected onto a large screen on the wall . a picture of the moon is on television in a dark room . picture of the moon projected onto large canvas . three men are standing in front of a white board .
me and my husband decided to stay the weekend at my parents beach house with them . we were getting very excited as we were approaching the beach house . as soon as we got to the beach house we decided to make some drinks and play some pool . as the sun was going down we decided to take a stroll on the beach . the view and the lights were beautiful .
waves are washing up and down a white sand beach under a blue sky . ocean waves crash into a beachfront with clear , blue skies . a woman is in a red hoodie on the beach . a beach house that has a long walkway leading to beach . two friends that are playing a game of pool .
it was fascinating just to watch the ocean . the tide came in . and later , we watched the tide go out again . it was so sunny that we did n't notice , at first , how chilly it was ! after a while we headed back to the beach house to warm up . that afternoon we played pool with [male] and [female] -- they 're great !
a view of the ocean from a beach . a sandy beach with large waves crashing in a woman wearing a hoodie is smiling on the beach . a wooden pathway leading up to a multi leveled hosu a man and woman play pool in a house .
this is where we went on vacation today . it looks warm and tropical . it was actually a little cold outside . since it was to cold to swim , we went back to the bed and breakfast . my girlfriend loves to play pool so we spent the evening inside playing for hours .
a sunny day at the beach with waves in the water . sand on the beach at the end of the ocean . a woman in a red coat standing on the beach and amiling at the camera . a beach house has a bright red roof . two people are playing a game of pool .
it was a grandmother 's birthday today . her son brought the family and decided to film the entire event . all of the grandmother 's friends and family came to celebrate and eat cake . the cake was the biggest hit of the event because it was a nice blue color . the day ended with the grandmother spending quality time with her grandchildren !
the woman is cutting the teal cake that is on the table . the man is holding a video recording camera in the room with drapes . a man and a child are grabbing a plate from the table . woman prepares for a party as a group of adults sit around a table in another room . an older woman investigates a young boys drawing with red crayon .
grandma decorates grandpa 's birthday cake in preparation for his birthday party . there are many beautiful decoration 's at grandpa 's party . dad decides to record the entire party with his digital camera . great grandma cuts a piece of cake for her great grandson . at the end of the party , grandpa blows out his candles and prepares to eat some cake .
an old woman cuts a two tiered cake with decoration on top a man walking around with his video camera a woman is cutting the cake on the table for a birthday party . people serve themselves food at a party while others sit to eat . an older woman in a black and white zig-zag striped coat watching two young boys in a restaurant .
[female] prepares the birthday cake for the birthday boy . the birthday boys father is recording the party . it 's time to cut the cake for the birthday boy . mom is cutting the cake for everyone . grandma is watching her sweet grandchild blow the candles out .
a woman cuts an elaborate birthday cake at a party in a restaurant . check out these new shades ? are n't they awesome ? the child is standing near the older man waiting for a piece of cake at the party . a woman at a table with plates , balloons and food on it with people in the background . an elderly woman stands near two little boys at a table .
i ate a lot of dessert today . they had a huge selection . i also ate some fruit afterward . i went to the event . there was a sign telling me to find my own seat .
tiny fruit desserts in glass of fruits and whip cream ready to eat . wedding cake with flowers on display for promotional purposes . a plate of grapes on a granite plate the close-up view of a table with formal place settings . two dining table with formal settings with dark table cloths .
we went to this awesome food convention . there where so many different chefs there from all over . some showed what they where working with . others showed what they like to serve on . but all of them cooked amazingly .
a collection of small glasses with food in them covers a plate . a large white cake decorated with pink flowers . assortment of freshly grown fruit displayed on veined rock . a round table set for a formal meal a decorated banquet room with elaborate place settings .
lots of good food at the event , the cake was beautiful and the fruits were a nice healthy touch . all the dishes were clean , and the tables were ready to receive guests .
rows of beautiful appetizers in shot glasses on a white plate . a three-tier wedding cake with light pink floral arrangements at the top purple and green grapes and berries laying on a stone plate . the table is set elegantly with white plates and natural rings around the napkins . a set of tables that are garnished with silverware .
history surrounds this stone entrance way . the rock quarry has trucks running through it . the castle stands after decades of time passed by . the openings are splendid works of masonry . wear and tear over the years is evident between the stone walls .
stone arch way with green foliage in front of and behind it a vehicle that is partly covered up by shrubs and an old brick wall that has palm trees on top of it in the background . an old castle in the woods that 's color is fading . a walkway that looks very old is photographed . some sort of concrete and stone structure with a dirt bottom
i love to look at castle ruins . the outside was overgrown with ivy . just inside was an out of place lone palm tree . i try to imagine who once rode through these gates . oh the stories these old walls could tell .
an old stone archway that has greenery grown on it . a vehicle is in the brush with a tarp building behind it . the tree is in front of the building . the archway is made of brick and has plants growing around it . the view of a cave-like structure that has very little space .
we discovered some mysterious ruins in the woods . we drove up to them to get a closer look , and to explore . i could n't believe how elaborate they were . this dome of brick could not have been easy to build . the broken arch was amazing .
decorative concrete archway with vines growing on it . loving the palm trees and tall grass by the boat . a very old stone like castle structure in the woods an old brick layed archway with old plants growing into it smooth stone walls with broken and crumbling stones and tree roots throughout .
we were finally ready to visit the wailing wall surrounding the ruins of [male] [male] 's temple . it was awe inspiring . people of many cultures praying to their own deity . side by side at the wall . i wish i could hear the stories this ancient wall could tell .
it was hot outside but they all had a great time . people are saying prayers and walking by the wailing wall . a group of hasidic jews are performing the rites of a bar mitzvah for a young boy . a man in black pants , a green shirt , and baseball cap is wearing yellow sneakers . a small bird nestled into crevice in wall
they did n't usually gather outside for prayer , but this was an important occasion . a lot of people showed up . some of them milled around , unsure of what they were supposed to be doing . two of the men examined the ancient wall . a few others were deep in prayer , and one read aloud from a book .
a group of people standing in a circle talking , in the middle of an open , sunny plaza . the people are gathering at the wailing wall in [location] . jews pray together at the western wall in [location] two people stand facing a tan rock wall . small bird on stone wall with small plant growing out of crack .
grandma and grandpa took us to a biblical reenactment ! it was kind of scary on some parts . my grandpa told me that his cousin used to do these reenactments . when i seen these guys , i asked my grandma if those two men were peeing on the wall . also , ny baby cousin wanted to take a picture too so i let her and this is the end result ! all in all , good family fun !
group of people chatting about their day at work a large stone wall with people in the foreground . religious people are outside facing a wall with bowed heads . two men are facing a brown wall . one is looking down , while the other is looking up . the plant is growing through cracks in the white stone
the small cakes were a success . people loved the versatility . you could get just one or get a lot . you could stack them and arrange them to your individual liking . they called them mini cakes instead of cup cakes .
small pastries are shaped like squares with stripes a cake with different things on them , ducks and flowers . the chocolate was fancy and made with the up most quality . three candies , two with green stripes , one with white stripes . a stack of yellow cakes with icing on it
the candies were many colors and had ducks on them . the green one looked the best but the brown ones tasted good and could be stacked .
a group of pretty little square multicolored desserts . a collection of edibles that are decorated by an artist . a square piece of candy frosted in green and white with a duck [female] that looks very appetizing is stacked neatly , a trio of petit-fours forms a sugary tower .
the baker made green cake squares . then she continued to make yellow ones . she tried again with pink and white . eventually she even added purple . now she had enough colors to experiment with setting them up in different patterns .
creative desserts with tiny little edible flowers on top pastel colored cookies with flowers and a duck are arranged in a square . a photo of a pastry that has a duck drawn in frosting . three small pieces of candy on a clear glass plate . three square yellow candies stand on a glass plate in a stack .
we took our family vacation to location this year . our hotel was located right at the beach . we went to town to take in some of the local cuisine . a folk singer serenaded us while we ate . he was quite good . vacations are always too short . five days went by so quick . we enjoyed our trip and decided we will visit again .
a light sand beach , with an ocean , and boats in the far distance . people are walking along a cliff as the surf breaks below . a group of men wearing shawls play music in an empty square . man sitting on a chair holding a guitar in his lap . a young man in jacked stands by a stone wall high over a rocky beach .
our beach vacation is at this beautiful waterfront resort . we took walks on the sandy cliffs of the beach . we really enjoyed the outdoor mall with open-air restaurant seating and live music . it was fun to have a live acoustic guitar player inside the restaurant to entertain us while we ate . it was a beautiful view at the sea wall .
[female] beach with palm trees for summer enjoyment . tourists walk along the chafed dry dirt of a cliff overlooking the ocean . three men standing in a area playing musical inttuments a man playing a guitar in the middle of a restaurant . a man is posing next to a railing overlooking the ocean .
there was a man playing drums on the boardwalk . the boardwalk was near the lake . several birds were preying near the lake . i saw this very interesting bird with a long beak . i decided to head back to the beach to do my research .
a man off in the distance on a beach . people are standing on rocks on a beach a group of people that are standing on the ground . i always love to come to this place just to hear the great performers . a man taking a picture in front of the beach .
today i went to church to help get the easter baskets ready for the children take a look at this great display i did for [female] after we made the baskets we painted eggs for the kids here is a surprise basket we did for [female] and here is [female] holding her basket in church . isnt it lovely !
rabbit inside a clear wrap with eggs and chicks . easter decorations are in glass and plastic shelves on a counter in a room with green walls . person sitting at a bowl of colored eggs . an easter basket is situated among other easter candies and presents . a young girl has a basket in church .
today we went to visit the easter candy store . they had a big bunny that was made entirely of chocolate . here are some eggs made of different types of chocolate and fillings . they had some cool and fun easter baskets you can buy . lucky [female] was able to take one home herself .
a chocolate bunny sits in a plastic bag . the bunny is a decoration for spring time . a basket filled with many decorated egg ornaments . an easter basket filled with flowers , candy and small furry chickens . a young girl holds an easter basket full of colorful eggs .
we decorated things for easter . the bunny turned out good . the eggs were perfect . we set up the baskets . we gave them all to the kids .
a centerpiece includes a rabbit , some flowers , and a chick . the counter is full of treats for the holiday several decorated eggs sit in a cloth covered bowl . plastic covred decorative basket sitting on a surface a small girl holds a basket of eggs in a pew .
the girl is happy and surprised to see many familiar faces in her house . grandma surprises grandchild with a brand new book . afterward , they decided to take a group picture before they get to the surprising event . overwhelmed with all these new presents and gifts . she is upset because she was expecting a build-a-bear present .
happy little girl dressed in pink with a small puppy lying down next to her . a woman reading to a little girl while sitting on the floor . a man wearing a red baseball cap , another man wearing sunglasses , a woman wearing a dark blue shirt holding a small child in pink pants who is holding a green and red sippy cup . a toddler on a purple blanket playing with her birthday toys . a little girl with red hair is wearing striped pants .
my sister had her birthday yesterday . the whole family came over . we had a big cake . she got lots of presents . we had fun celebrating her birthday .
the little girl is enjoying her time with her pet dog . a woman in green reads a book to a young girl . adults posing with a child wearing a birthday hat . small child opening birthday presents on purple spread at party . a little girl that is sitting on the ground .
[female] was so taken with the new puppy . grandma reads a story to [female] . dad , mom and [male] pose with the little darling . [female] plays with her new toys . [female] waits for the puppy to come back with her toy .
child playing while puppy lays and naps in hallway . the lady was reading to the attentive girl . a young girl is beiing held by the mother as they stand next to the father a young girl admires one of the new toys she received as a birthday gift the little girl is wearing striped pants and a t shirt .
happy birthday , [male] `` del '' coulter ! it 's great looking back at your old pictures , like your old house . you and your wife , [female] have traveled around the world together . your grandchildren are growing up so quickly . here 's to you and many more years of living the life !
a memorial photo of an old couple with their names and a year on the bottom . old man in a brown hat , sunglasses , white shirt and dark jacket a woman and man are sitting at a black table an elderly man and woman sitting together in an armchair . two people wearing yellow jackets sit on a guard rail .
i had a great time today . i went to the cafe to grab some coffee . we really enjoyed the coffee there . everyone wanted to take pictures of us . we spent the rest of the day taking pictures .
older couple depicted in photograph which bears names and date . 1 older person in tan hat and sunglasses with handlebar moustache an elderly couple that is eating at the table . a man and a woman that are sitting next to each other . a man with glasses that is sitting next to a woman .
[male] and [female] looking lovely as ever . [male] in a record store in the late 80s . here is the love birds at some restaurant in japan . they had some good times together they stayed together forever . the two love birds at a vacation in the rocky mountains in the summer of 96 .
the old couple are both wearing glasses and gray clothing . a man in a jacket , sunglasses , and a newsboy cap . an elderly couple is sitting at a table eating food . the man and woman sat down and posed for a picture . an older couple is sitting in front of mountains .
alligators ? why are we here ? that 's right ! we 're going to race ! winning time : 23 hours , 26 minutes and 15 seconds . we out-ran the alligators ! well , most of us out-ran the alligators . : ) ouch ! 100 mile trail run -- i 'm gon na beat you next year !
a sign along the roadside warns of the presence of alligators in the park . runners prepare to start the race as an official stands in front . a close-up view of a clock with large yellow numbers . a man carrying a woman with crutches at the end of a trail run this photo shows only the feet of a man .
the run was taking place in a location park , the members of the run noted the sign about the aligators but did n't think much about it . everyone assembled for the start of the race . 23 minutes in and people were started to get tired . [female] , who was supposed to run the race , had broke her ankle last week . [male] carried her across the finish line . he looked at his feet later that night and noticed they had swollen to twice their size !
a sign letting park visitors know there are alligators in the park . people are gathered under a blue tarp in preparation for a race . the clock is counting down with 23 26 15 . two runners that have just finished a 100 mile run . a persons feet are standing in a room
my sister and i went camping in location last weekend . she 's not an outdoor person but she handled it pretty well when it started raining . when it started raining , the alligators came up out of the water . one of them bit her foot so they rushed her to the visitor kiosk . lucky for her , she had leather boots on and only got a red mark from the whole ordeal .
a sign letting individuals know where alligators are . group of adults standing under tarp awning at outdoor night event . large clock on a stand with two people behind a man carries his injured girlfriend over the finish line with her crutches . his feet need some care after being in the hiking shoes .
i spent some time walking around downtown last night . after a few hours i went to the subway to head back home . the train came and took me back to my neighborhood . afterward i finally arrived home . the view from my house is great .
a man is posing in the street at night . green seats mounted to a green tiled platform . a night view of a mossy fallen log with water behind it . the majesty building is lit up at night . the eiffel tower was lit up on a dreary night .
this man is on holiday in paris . he waits at the bus station to take his ride . first he walks by the water . the man likes to look at buildings . he ends his walk at the location location .
an out of focus man at night in the city attempts to smile . a row of green seats is lined up in what might be a transportation terminal . a dark pond at night seen from over a brick or stone wall withh moss on it . flooding in [location] [location] at the capitol building the [location] [location] lit up at night with yellow lights
[male] enjoyed his trip to location . he rode the subway . the park was lit by the light of the moon . the water reflected the lights off the building . the best part of the trip was seeing the location location .
a male with light blonde hair standing outside looking straight ahead . empty green seats on a subway with a red background a large tree with what appears to be green algae by a body of water . the white building was lit up and the grass was wet from rain . the eiffel tower stands in lighted glory in the city .
our trip to the zoo . this huge watchtower over us . look at the cute little penguin . `` huh ? who 's there '' guess what i am .
a family standing on the street talking to each other . a metal and glass watchtower has a red flag on top of it . a penguin standing on a pile of rocks a white polar bear is in the water by rocks . the eyes and nose of an individual seen through a cut out .
today we took a trip to the zoo . we saw exciting architecture , this place has wonderful buildings . we saw a penguin at the zoo , such an interesting animal . we also saw a polar bear , one of my favorite animals . they even had fun head in hole boards . look at the face he 's making , he 's so goofy .
people are standing together and are smiling at each other . a huge black and silver towers stands amongst the trees on a hazy day . a small penguin wobbles across large rocks near the water . a lone polar bear is taking a swim in the water . a man is sitting behind the board for a picture .
my mom , grandpa , and i went on a day trip to the zoo . we stopped at this tower restaurant for breakfast first . my favorite exhibit was the penguins . i could n't believe how big the polar bears are ! i tried getting my picture taken as a kangaroo , but this guy would n't move out of the way .
the man is talking to the woman with the purse . a very tall structure that stands in front of the forest . small black and white penguin standing on rocks . a polar bear that is standing in water a man is behind a gray mask making a face
the ocean seemed ever expansive as the boat trudged along , its voyage entirely uncertain . on the side of the plane , the emblazoned logo told the gathered onlookers all they needed to know about who was manning the fleet . as the plane ascended , the view of the city took on an almost surreal quality . when the light switched to open that 's when the tourists were ready to explore the vessel . the midway logo was emblazoned on the side of the vessel , which took the patrons where they needed to go .
a sail boat is anchored in a bay . a jet plane that is being used by the pilot . the sky view of a certain city shoreline . the sign clearly stated that it was open at this point . the side of a ship called the midway docked at the harbor .
the plane took us all the way to location . getting off the plane and seeing our new surroundings was wonderful . we immediately took a boat ride to the keys . there , we spent hours at the beach . the day turned out to be one of the best i 've ever had .
a non occupied sail boat in the water with it 's sail down . the side of a plane shows a patriotic symbol and a star . picture of a parking lot near a bay with green trees , a bridge and large buildings . a control panel indicating that the valve is open . a brick sign on a building says midway
the boat was leaving the shore and had a star on it . the city was big and the binoculars were open for people to look download .
the boat 's sail is down and it 's tied up on the body of water . the side view of an aircraft with some stars and metallic paint a bay-side city is seen with boats and a bridge in the background and a park in the foreground . two industrial size buttons , one which says `` open '' . side of a concrete structure with a sign that reads 'midway ' .
although we were tired of sightseeing , when it looked like a bad storm was approaching we ducked into the nearest church . there , we were stunned by the beauty inside . it was remarkable that human ingenuity and relatively primitive tools had constructed such a building . we realized it was deep religious feelings and the desire to express these feelings that inspired the designers and workers . as we stepped into a courtyard and looked upon the expansive sky , it was easy to see how they had been so inspired .
the grounds around large ornate buildings is wet the inside of the church has intricate designs on every surface . a large mural is on the wall of this baroque designed church . rows of pillars are between the alter and doors of this church . the sky is stormy and cloudy above a large green field
[female] valentine went to location on vacation . she visited an amazing mansion . the mansion had artwork on the ceiling and wherever she walked she looked up . she loved the doors and the archways . she wanted to buy the mansion , but could n't afford it . she walked into a wing of the mansion that had very interesting details . she noticed it looked like hangers hanging from the ceiling . she did n't like that so she quickly went outside . she noticed a small lawn with a funny shape . she had heard that the shape was associated with an underground group . she quickly went back inside packed her things and got the first flight out .
a view of the building from the middle of the waters . an ornate church cathedral has tall ceilings and intricate designs . a table in the middle of a large room benches are lined up in a huge room beautiful photo on an overcast day of building with older style architecture and wonderful arches .
we walked towards the entrance to an amazing cathedral . the years it must have taken to create this . the details of the ceiling was breathtaking . looking straight up it seemed you were looking forever . the final part of the church was the courtyard in the middle .
a lake surrounded by many large buildings , under a cloudy sky . image of the inside of a monumental church with many decorations and symbols of the wall . an old stone cathedral apse with high windows behind . wooden pews line the center of an old church . the courtyard of an old building sits under a dark , cloudy sky .
visiting the historic downtown [male] . the front of the house . the church of the town . housewright cemetery . and the famous sage creek bridge .
a stone sign saying `` welcome to historic downtown wylie '' an old victorian house is blanketed in snow . a church with a cross at the top situated between trees this seem 's to be a cemetary with a lot of head stones . snow-covered scene , featuring stone bridge over the water
i love to visit historic downtown wylie . the old mayor 's house is still in great condition . the century old church still has it 's services every sunday . i love to walk through the old cemetery and remember old friends that are gone . then i walk across the old bridge which used to be the only way in to town .
the sign welcomes people to historic downtown wylie . a house that is totally covered in the white snow . a black and white photo of a church building stone grave markers seen in cemetery during winter time . the lonely snow covered bridge waits to be cleared of the fresh powder .
we went downttown on a snowy day . the walkways were clear and safe to walk . snow covered just about everything else though . we say a huge victorian house . the house looked beautiful in the snow .
brick and stone sign outside in road covered by snow a large house that has a lot of snow on it a church surrounded by snow covered trees . dark overcast day with a recent snow fall covering the head stones . a bridge over a river , and the riverbank itself , is covered in snow .
[female] was ready for the trip to the beach . he jumped in his luxury car . he made it to his luxury hotel . and he looked out his luxury window . however , the beach he planned to go to , was not luxurious at all .
the buildings are right on the water by the boats . a large woman smiles and holds her arms out a business that is selling soap near the street . group of colorful plants sitting next to each other . two small white beds sit in a hotel room .
i went down to the pier last week to buy a new car . it was pretty expensive . my hotel was also pretty expensive . it was in downtown . we were n't allowed to swim at the beach today .
hotel on the beach with palms in front . a woman with a book stands outside , surrounded by cacti , plants and urns . a soap shop located in a building with the foreign name `` ye olde '' . a garden with many potted plants sitting on a bed of rocks . a very colorful piece of cloth is located behind the plants the phone is charging on the hotel bed
we decided to have a beach get-a-way . mom was excited as we walked through . we visited a soap shop upon my mom 's request . everything was so beautiful and out hotel room was very inviting
the resort is sitting on the beach front . the woman is posing at the entrance of the festival . a sign above a window is displaying the name of the soap shop . poinsettias are set outside among other plants in pots . a small apartment or hotel bedroom with laptop on the bed
after a long day of hanging out at the beach we decided to head back into town . we stopped in to see a live show in a bar . then we spent a couple hours drinking and playing pool . we had a lot of fun . it was a long day and i 'm eager to get to sleep .
she smiled for the camera at the beach a bald man is holding a long pole in his hand a large man is playing pool at a bar people at a pool table in a bar . a woman in a tiled room holding up an open flip phone .
our first day of vacation . we did n't waste time hitting the beach . we enjoyed a night on the town playing pool . here is the pool shark in action . another shot of him dominating the game . i escaped for a second to take a bathroom selfie !
a young woman smiles as she stands on a beach with others behind her . the man is holding a wooden pool cue . the man eyed the cue ball carefully as he decided upon his pool shot . a group of people playing a game of pool . a smiling girl takes a photo of herself in the mirror .
this man is having a nice time on the beach . then off to see a cool band playing in a nice club . a game of pool is always fun no matter who`s playing . this is a nice attractive woman to talk to , and play with . a quick selfie in the bathroom is always a thing to do .
a young lady with glasses smiling on the beach a man is holding up a pencil in the middle of a room . a man reaches to take a shot during a game of pool . adults indoors at local business enjoying a game of pool . woman using her cell phone to take a picture of herself .
when i got to the church there was nobody there so i left to go find something to eat . there was a cafe nearby . i went in to eat a big pancake . afterward i went to the nearby museum . after a long day i walked back to my apartment .
old and dingy stone tower with white stone a man on a stairway wearing glasses smiling . this photo is of a sculpture that is inside of a church . a man standing by a table in front of a business . some very intricate and old stone work on some very old buildings
old castles were landmarks in the town . [male] loved his tour of the old buildings . in and old church there were candles for church services that still happen today . restaurants that occupied old storefronts were very popular attractions . the old architecture was a great sight for all .
a stone round building with many cars parked . a photographer posing in an old stone building . two angels are placing an ornamental object between two candle sticks on an altar . a man standing out front of a shop . the church was adorned with detailed gargoyles and statues
[female] quite enjoyed her tour of the cultural sites in town . about noonish , she began to feel a mite peckish and spotted a nearby cafe . lunch was delicious , and the bottle of wine was the perfect complement . after eating , [female] continued to visit the museums , churches and other attractions . tomorrow , she will focus on the splendid , although decrepit , architecture to be found in the old quarter .
a short stone building stands by the cars . a man wearing all black walking down a stone staircase . the statues of angels are holding a gold house . a young man standing outside a corner shop . ornate towers rise into the light blue sky .
we were very excited to explore the nearby forest . we entered the field and ran quickly to the forest edge . we stopped at a river in the woods and watched the fish go past . [male] thought he saw a bear in the woods but i do n't think so . we even found an abandoned house that was full of old pictures . we had a great time that day .
a meadow is pictured with what looks like car tracks . a man wearing black pants and boots stepping in the grass . the mushroom was growing on the tree stub in our backyard . the building is made of weathered wood and is old . a tower is primarily orange and can be seen upward
i went hiking by myself the other day . the first thing i did was step in mud and dirty my shoes . there were even rotting plants in the bushes . i finally found the cabin on the road . there was even a tower nearby .
trees surround a grassy area that indicates lawn mower marks . a man 's leg and foot is posing in the grass . a molded food item , placed in the shrubs . a wooden building with boarded up windows and a rusted roof a big utility tower stretches high up into the sky
while on a hike we ran into this sign . i could n't read the sign so we kept walking . we ran across a creek . we followed the creek uphill . finally we ran into this old barn .
the pathway to the forest is very green . yes i stepped in something and had a terrible time getting my shoe cleaned off unusual fungus grows in garden area amid plants . the old cabin that has since been deserted a large steel tower extends high into the blue sky .
the fluffy clouds were rolling past the sun . you could barely see the rays of sunlight from behind the clouds . birds were flying around in search of dinner . other birds were soaring high and free . the sun set in the horizon and ushered in the evening .
a cluster of clouds that are covering the sky . a beautiful night sky depicting a stunning sunset . birds skim the surface of the water at sunset . the low angle view of a bird flying through the sky . a yellow and orange sunset over clouds on a beach .
the boat is seen in the distance in front of the hills . the sun is attempting to peak out from the clouds . the sun is hidden by the clouds . the waterway and hillside are blended as one . the sun is setting behind the hills on a beautiful night .
the sun rising on a cloudy day a sunrise behind a large group of clouds a view of the beach that is next to the shore . a lone bird that soars up in the sky . a shore with waves banging on the sand and a bueatiful sunset in the distance
i went on a photography trip to the beach last night . i was able to catch some clouds in front of the sunset . and snap a great one of clouds in front of the moon . the beach looked beautiful with the mountains in the background . but the sunset made for the best picture of my trip .
sunbeams filtering through clouds as the sun is setting . the sun hidden behind the clouds at a high altitude . a flock of birds flying over the water at dusk solo hawk flying in sky with clear blue background . the sun is setting over a large body of water , and there are a few clouds near the horizon .
we decided to go for a drive since there was n't anything else to do . we drove by the train tracks and a train was going by . the train was carrying some interesting cargo , including this crazy truck . it looks like they must have been carrying circus things too . once it finally went through and ended we were on our way to go home .
cars drive on a road with billboards on either side and an overpass straight ahead . train ready to pass signage promoting local business . a intersection where trains pass by and trucks . two tractors are sitting on a flatbed along train tracks . a car waits at the light for the train to pass .
i like trains . trains are cool . i take lots of pictures of them . here 's a close up . check out that engine .
you can see the old bridge that still runs over the main street through town . a long passenger train enters the city limits a semi truck on a train flatbed with purple beams on the truck . the train car has a circus show painted on it . a train is carrying different transportation vehicles on the track .
the whole family was in the car to go on vacation . we had to stop at the red light . the people were stop in front of us even when the light was green . we saw a big tractor trailer going by . we got to see a train on our vacation .
a red car is shown holding it 's lane . a freight train rumbles through a a small town with a billboard by the tracks . a truck and fair equipment riding on a train beside a interesting road . a train moves along a track with a boxcar with a show advertised on it . a railroad crossing has traffic stopped on both sides of the road , one side has a long line backed up .
everyone gathered at the restaurant for the party . they took pictures for the birthday and had some drinks . she was amazed that she could touch the ceiling . just a little horseplay between these two cut-ups . finally , winding down with some conversation .
a man at a bar or restaurant having a conversation with another man , while a woman in red stands behind them . the goatee club basically does nothing but drink lots of coffee and take pictures of each other . a woman with a tattoo on her arm is pointing to the ceiling and a man is looking up at what she is pointing at . a man stands behind another man with his hands on him . a woman talking to two men with drinks and balloons .
we all met at the bar for the night . he was liked her and tried to pick her up all night . there were a lot of friends who came . she wanted him to see all the decorations she hung . they were acting goofy all night .
the man is talking to another man at the restaurant . friends hang out at a party in a bar , while one of them checks his camera . a woman pointing at something on the ceiling . one man standing behind another with his arms around his neck . they all sat down to have some drinks and conversation
we are all goofing around before the party starts . everyone is here , and settling in . everyone is having a great time talking . there is also some rough housing , but it is in good fun . we even took some time to relax , and have some drinks .
a blurry picture of a two men talking in a restaurant is being shown . [location] men are looking at a camera during a birthday party . a woman with a tattoo on her left arm is pointing straight up with her right arm . two men , one has the other in a headlock . a woman and her friends are enjoying some drinks as they sit at a table .
on a recent trip out of the country i expereienced some of the most beautiful scenery . out of one window , i could see the vast ocean and a distant island . out of the other window , i could see another distant island and decided to go explore it . as i explored the island , i found beautiful flowers . finally i left to come back home through the midnight ferry back to the mainland .
it is an open window on a light brown building the sea is surrounded by a range of towering mountains . a picture taken upon a cliff overlooking the ocean with an island in the distance . a pink flower is shown up close . cars and boats line the night sky on the edge of a body of water .
the vacation spot was crowded . everyone came out here to spend memorial weekend . the pool was a refreshing way to relax . this garden was an attractive sight . a few miles away from the vacation spot there was a canyon people liked to visit .
a window with two wooden shutters that are open . landscape shot of body of water with mountains in background an island can be seen from off of the coast . a white flower blooms in the midst of red petals . night time at a harbor with lights reflecting in the water .
the vent was open so that i could see through it . i had a great view of the ocean and i could see many things . the island was open and was surrounded by very blue waters . the pink flowers were very bold and fresh in this area . the light on the boats reflected off the water nicely .
a wooden shutter is left open near the top of the building . a picture overlooking a bay with cliffs at the other end . clear view across the strait of deep blue water . close up of pink leaf sprouting white flowers on red stalks a marina is glowing in the moonlight at night time .
[female] and rob go to the beach . it is a beautiful day . even the wild life is relaxing . [female] poses next to a tree . the end thier day with a walk in the wilderness
a couple enjoys a day at the beach . the bright sun is reflecting off of the calm water at a beach . a koala bear lounging in the crook of a tree . a koala in a tree and a woman taking a picture with it . a raised wooden walkway disappears into the brush .
had a great vacation ! lots of lounging saw some beautiful sunsets . koalas out on a nature walk i even got close enough to pose with one . bridge on the walk back
a shirtless man and a young woman wearing a bikini top and board shorts are laying on a blanket over the sand at a beach . the sun is very bright in the sky while the ocean is below behind a sandy beach . a bear sitting in a leafy green tree watching . the koala bear watches a young lady pose for a picture . scenic view walkway with rails through a forest
today we went to the beach and laid in the sun . the sun was hot , but it was a really nice day . eventually , we went for a hike and saw a koala ! we took photos with the koala . we found a wooden bridge and stopped for a photo .
a couple is on a beach ; the woman is wearing blue pants with white palm trees . the bright sun shines upon the soft sand the koala bear is nestled up in the full green tree . a woman poses beneath a tree with a koala in it . a pathway made of wood is in the wilderness
last night my friends and i went out to eat . we went to a restaurant where they served us huge portions . everyone ate a lot of food . some of the dishes looked and smelled amazing . everyone had a great time .
an older woman is putting food into her mouth and smiling slimy wet vegetables and meat in some broth . a happy man is about to take a big bite of food . a dish of something red that is covered with cheese someone feeding a loved one from their own hand .
[female] and [male] are celebrating their 35th wedding anniversary . [male] loves to ham it up for the camera , because he loves to make [female] laugh . even though they have been together for a long time , they still act like young lovers . [male] bought [female] a piece of art for her anniversary gift . surprise ! [female] bought [male] a statue as well !
a woman sitting at a table with several plates of food on it . some food is laying out on a white plate about ready to eat and get something to drink . soup in a white bowl with cheese on top a man with glasses that is eating with a woman .
[female] is really enjoying her dinner at the new restaurant . does n't her dish look yummy ? yes it does ! [male] decided to try something new . ca n't tell if he likes it or not . what do you think ? looks like tomato soup to me . how sweet ! [female] is sharing her dinner with [male] . they are just too cute .
a woman at a dinner table in a restaurant holding up a grape . plate full of a variety of vegetables including onions and beans . man taking a bite of food while looking at camera . delicious cheese-topped baked casserole in a white handled dish . two persons that look like men sitting by a table eating and one feeding the other .
i remember having the first drink last night . of course my friend had to out do everyone . yet it seemed like i was the one who had way to much to drink . still the group had a great time , this was a much needed outing . best of all we met a lot of cool people , most of which i do not remember .
a girl eyes the drink in her right hand . 1 person , wearing seafoam green glasses , posing behind 6 drinks in plastic cups a man is hanging onto a pole in a dark room a photo of men and women on a dance floor . a large group of people gather at the bar .
we all had a blast at the show ! some of us had to cool off in front of the fan , because we were dancing so hard . the crowd was really fun and the drinks tasted good . everyone had a lot of fun meeting new people . most of us want to have another party like this again .
she had her drink and her checkered scarf a woman wearing glasses poses new six different drinks . a wild white woman on a stripper pole with ugly clothes . a group of people smiling and having a good time group of people in night smile and less
i set out tonight to have some fun at the bar . you gon na drink all those missy ? dont worry i can help you out . i gave the pole a shot but this is why im not a stripper . i decided to relax awhile on the dance floor but i can still dance a little . the bar was packed and in all it was a good night with friends .
the drink i was holding was refreshing and mild an image of a kid that is wearing glasses a woman wearing a yellow , white , and grey dress , with brown boots on dancing on a stripper pole . a group of people dancing indoors and laughing . a man is smiling at a nightclub with women around him laughing .
we are preparing the cake for [male] 's birthday surprise . he finally arrives . even if he was an hour late . he blows out his candles and makes a wish . we made our own birthday hats . the party ended with some great wine and awesome friends .
a table with a lot of different containers of food . two men and two women are at a house party three people around a table full of food . a man sitting in front of a cake with candles . man holding clinging young woman in crowded kitchen
i decided to cook dinner for my friends last night . i had all of my friends over for a party . we even had a cake ! we drank and laughed and had a great time . everyone really enjoyed themselves and it was a great night .
pots and aluminum trays full of food on a table the friends are drinking together in the house . a man and woman stand in front of a large table with food on it . he made a wish and was about to blow out the candles . a man is holding a woman in his arms .
had a little get together for the birthday . just us and a few of our closest friends . good food and good people . cozy and pleasant . can you guess what i wished for ? yes , basically that . i suppose i should 've wished for something new ...
a pot of white rice is among other foods cooked on the table . a women in a purple shirt holds a glass of wine while others look on . the table has everything that a small occasion needs looks like man is celebrating his birthday getting ready to blow out candles . a man holds a woman who is hugging him around the neck .
friday was [female] 's birthday . everyone got together to celebrate and the booze started flowing ! the music started and people started to dance . someone brought a lovely cake . [female] was ready to cut the cake but everyone was on the dance floor .
a women is wearing a purple tank top and jeans men standing around drinking having a good time at a birthday party they danced like fools that night at the gym a birthday cake on a table with the number 30 on it . blonde woman raising knife over a white and red cake
everyone was getting ready for the birthday party . they lined up for cake and drinks . the birthday girl gave a speech to everyone before eating her cake . they had fun dancing after a few drinks . the woman was very grateful for everyone that came out .
a woman is wearing purple for a party . three men celebrating at a thirtieth birthday party . men make fools of themselves out on the small dance floor . this image is of a white and red cake . the birthday lady made fun of how she would cut her cake .
the beautiful guest of honor arrives to celebrate her big day . this gathering of friends is enjoying the birthday celebration . everyone does the happy dance at the party tonight . this simple yet beautiful cake suits the guest of honor perfectly . she is ready to cut her cake , and hopefully not anyone else !
a woman wearing a purple scarf and a sleeveless purple shirt . the guys are at a birthday party and drinking beer . two men dancing on the dance floor a birthday cake for a person who is turning thirty . she was ready with the knife to cut the cake
we went to location it was interesting we met a 7 foot tall man we rode bikes in the tundra all in all it was a great trip
huts dot the landscape on the side of a country road . a field with brown grass along side a dirt road a old photo of my grandparents when i was young . a man is biking down a remote dirt road . three young people walking through a field on a sunny day .
today i visited my home land for the firs time in 4 years the terrain didnt change much . this is my grandma grandpa and cousin jeddi . the day after i got there i took a bike ride down the old dirt road i must have ridden thousands of times then i helped the guys do some planting.. it was a great visit
the huts are built in the grass field . the boring field and trees hide the beautiful horizon of mountains in the background . two older adults and a small child are outdoors . taking a bike ride on a dirt road , with full safety gear on . three people are standing on the rocks with palm trees behind them .
today we went on our summer trip . we went out to the desert for hiking . my family and i were so excited and met new people . we even had time to ride the bike . it was a fun trip and so much new scenery .
grass roofed huts beyond a small rock fence a baron field with a shallow pond next to a dirt road . three african people standing while surrounded by vegetation . a man rides his bide along a dirt road . three people stand in ground with clumps of grass under trees .
there were lots of pretty flowers . just outside the karate show . everyone was there . there was lots of butt kicking . ninjas in the making .
the martial arts program held at [location] were american also participate a korean karate expert breaking through ice with his hands in front of a camera a karate expert does moves in front of a large crowd . two men dressed in their customary garb stand in front of a gold laden statue . group of people sitting on a tennis court at an event
everyone gathered to watch the martial arts demonstrations . this man broke stacks of ice with his bare hands . this man was demonstrated his kata . this group presented their artwork . we all gathered for a group picture at the end .
a man giving a speech during a karate convention the man is breaking blocks of ice with his hand . a man in a martial arts in front of a large crowd . a man in uniform standing next to a decorative throne . a group of people sitting on the ground and giving the peace sign .
i attended a martial arts exhibition today . there was a man doing demonstrations . another man was demonstrating form . asian effects abound . we were all pretty happy about going .
an event with several people in martial arts uniforms . a man wearing a white karate suit breaks ice hey [male] master demonstrating skills too many people a holy figure is being shown in the picture . a diverse group of young people sit on a green surface , surrounded by the crowds and green tents , flashing peace signs and smiling for a group photo .
my 30th birthday celebration . what a blast this is me pretending i can sing i am sitting here pretending i 'm not drunk . it was shot o clock in this photo i could n't get up in this photo so i just sat and chatted
a picture of a man holding wine bottle and glass a man holding a bottle in his hand to his open mouth . four people sitting at a table surrounded by lights a man is drinking a glass of wine underneath christmas lights . a man holds up his beer for a photo as others look at him .
oh boy , what was in that cocktail , everything has this really red , blood-like hue ? i knew i should n't have accepted a drink from this guy . eww , now what 's he doing ? put your tongue away sir , you are certainly not my type . wait , are those fangs ? i 'm feeling kind of dizzy and these guys are looking like food . oh geez , what did i drink ? now this guy 's drinking it too . it looks like ... like blood ! what have i got myself in to here ? oh well , if you ca n't beat them , join them . here 's to eternity guys . cheers !
a man in front of christmas lights holding a cup and bottle . this image is of a man licking a bottle of champagne there is a social event going on in a bar with four people . a man drinking a glass of wine in a room with lots of red lights a group of young people sit around a table talking and having drinks .
on graduation night , we all headed down to the red room for some drinks and good times . after imbibing an incredible amount of alcohol , we decided that we would solve all the world 's problems . famine , disease and war were the topics of discussion . the more we drank , the better we became at figuring out the right course of action . by the end of the night , we concluded that we would offer our solutions to the organization organization in the coming days . we drank some more to celebrate our achievements .
a man holds a bottle and a glass closeup 9of a man making a goofy face while holding a wine bottle . a small group of people sitting at a table with drinks . a man looks away as he takes a sip of his beverage . several people gathered around a red table talking and drinking
moving into a new house became nerve-wrecking , but there 's always moments when you have to adapt to changes . the next door neighbor was nice and gave my family a good vibe . surprisingly the previous owners did n't trash the house , the kitchen was spotless . let 's hope that no creatures break through the small door in my sisters . my room had two qualities that i adore : plain and simple .
tan colored house with grey roof in daytime . a woman considers her lawn while outside her small house . small kitchen with wooden cabinets and tile flooring . the bedroom ceiling is painted purple with white flowers . this is not the door to the downstairs of the house
i just put my house up for sale . it 's a great house . i cleaned and fixed everything before i put it up for sale . i made sure all of the rooms were spotless . i 'm going to be sad to see this house be sold .
an old house is surrounded by fake grass . a woman is at the corner of a green house . open area of indoor residential kitchen with tiled flooring . room painted purple with large flowers on ceiling with blue and green centers large open room that has recently been painted yellow .
the miller family decided to renovate their little 100 year old house . they started with the walls in the living room . all of them were painted a brick red color . the bathroom in contrast was painted a powder blue . the daughter 's upstairs bedroom was painted purple with stenciled in flowers .
a green lawn and brick pathway brighten up this simple house scene . the lady is walking around outside her greenish house . a kitchen is empty with not furniture or furnishings . in a room painted purple with flowers on the ceiling , the door to the closet is open . a yellow room with a white trimmed yellow door .
many of the attendants at the festival were beautifully dressed as traditional geisha . patrons , dressed in festival colors with their faces painted , added their own style to the affair . the whole city was trimmed in red and gold ribbons . people , young and old , came to watch the performances . children were able to have their makeup done in traditional geisha style .
a woman with asian type clothes is wearing really heavy makeup and false eyelashes . an image of a woman that is dressed all in red a native looking person stands in front of an old building . the woman in red is cheering for her favorite team . a women covered in makeup smiles for the camera .
i went for a walk on halloween . there were tons of people outside dressed up for the day . they had put a lot of effort into their costumes . they were very happy . i met a lot of new and interesting people .
a doll with lots of makeup is the only think in focus in the picture a woman is dressed up in a all red costume . a person in tribal clothing and body paint stands outside of a large building . an older woman wears a bright red hat and smiles . a girl with white face makeup holding a syringe
this festival is popular in the town . people of all ages paint their faces for the festival . this guy is dressed as a popular character . these people are dressed as headless ghosts . this kids dressed up in a traditional character for the festival .
the woman has her hands on her hips . a lady dressed in red with red fishnet stockings on her arms with red makeup . a man in tribal dress standing before an intricate building . a smiling woman in a red hat is looking to the left . a young female wearing white makeup covering her face holding a syringe with red liquid in it
the fireworks show started with a bang . it gradually got even louder . then it got even more colorful . after that they started shooting several at a time . the finale was amazing .
a display of large red and white fireworks at night fireworks exploding over fly [organization] sign at stadium . a fireworks show that seems to be in a stadium of some sorts with a big tv . fireworks exploding behind a sign that reads fly delta an advertisement for an airline with fireworks in the background
we went to the airport to watch the fireworks this year . there was a jumbo television there where entertainers sang . visions of the country accompanied the fireworks , too . they even broadcast the military at attention and the national anthem played . the patriotic finale came with broadcast images of the flag waving as the fireworks faded away .
this is a night time photo of fireworks by a waterway . red fireworks displaying above a stadium sponsored by [organization] airlines . fireworks are exploding in a multitude of colors the large round fireworks fill the sky over fly [organization] . brilliant display of fireworks behind a `` fly delta '' sign .
i watched the entire fireworks show this year . it was very long . i stayed there for about half an hour . when it was over there was a lot of smoke . i took many pictures .
red and white fireworks display following evening baseball game a firework explodes over a baseball field at night fireworks go off in back of an airline ad in this colorful night scene . a cluster of fireworks that are shot in the sky . there are lots of fireworks over the fly delta sign .
they were headed out for a day of exploring . they stopped at a quaint little place for a bite to eat . mom and dad enjoyed their drinks . they got on a boat for a tour of the area . they ended the day with few hours at the beach .
a group of women are walking across the street on a sunny day . four women enjoy a meal together around a small round table . man and woman sitting sipping drinks from straws . a woman standing at a doorway with people sitting on benches . people are standing together on rocky ground at a beach
after getting our hotel room , we went out in search of something to do . we stopped by a restaurant for lunch while we were out . then we had some drinks , because we 're on vacation anyway ! we went back to our room and took a break . then we went to the beach and made some new friends .
a group of women are crossing the street from a white building . four women sitting around a table laden with desserts and coffee . a couple sips drinks on a sunny day . four women talking together on a porch in the sun the family is gathered for a group photo .
tennis players were warming up for the championship . spectators pre-gamed with drinks and conversation . some people forgot to bring chairs . beer and tennis went hand and hand for some of the fans . [male] decided he only wanted to drink one pitcher of beer so that he could remember the match .
women wearin capri pants cross the street on a sunny day . four smiling women sitting around a small table . the man and woman are enjoying their drinks at the cafe . a woman with a suitcase is standing in a hotel or bed and breakfast doorway talking to three woman seated on a porch . all are dressed casually . it is daytime and warm . a group of people poses on the beach on a sunny day .
i thought i was just going to these buildings . but then al , of the people came . it looked like they were selling something . in fact they were , i was so caught off guard . i gots to buy all of the lively things . i am happy !
a group of buildings that are next to each other . a downtown scene with a bricked road and market stalls some vendors are outside selling their goods to people small outdoor market selling a variety of different flowers . two women are talking by a flower stand .
our downtown flea market will be held today . full of life the vendors are getting ready . it almost has a carnival feel to it . the booths are up , what are today 's treasures ? there is always time out for a tasty snack .
the clock tower sits at the top of a steep hill . groups of people check out the offerings of some street vendors . a couple of stands are set up as a market flowers are for sale at an outdoor market . it was a beautiful summer day at the market .
the city had many nice buildings on the clear day . people went to the market where they talked and bought food .
a far view of a stone clock tower . people on old street with a street market a statue in a town square with a cross on top of it . outdoor market featuring several different types of plants for sale . two people standing at an outside fruit stand .
we all gathered in the meeting room . almost all the seats were full . we listened as the guest speaker thanked us for our efforts . afterwards we all gathered for a picture . we made sure to smile !
this room is full of people who are just sitting . a large indoor environment that has people listening to a speaker up front . people are sitting in different size chairs , facing different directions and are all black . a group of people are around a white table a group of young black people in a classroom type environment . a group of people and an event listening to a lecture or presentation
we took a trip to a convention last month . we saw all kinds of people and a lot of good friends were there . there were a lot of great speakers that told many stories . this is the group of people that we went there with . we all took this picture as we were on our way to go the airport .
a group of people sit around and talk to each other . a group of people sit in a lounge and look back towards a speaking man . students are sitting around in the library listening to a man talk . a bunch of people are standing together posing for picture . a group of school age children pose with two adults .
a group of people gather together in a large room . a man in a tie poses with children . the man takes a picture with just the young girl . adults and children gather together for pictures . they all pose for pictures to remember their day .
a group of people congregate in a lounge area . man standing in back speaking to group of people sitting at tables sitting in a establishment listening to what is going on . a bunch of kids are crowded all together several black people huddeling around eachother in a room
i invited all of my friends to the restaurant last night . we ate a lot of food there . we enjoyed all of it . we were very full afterward . but we ordered some dessert anyway .
three woman in purple shirts smile for the camera . hor d'oeuvres sit on plates next to a bowl and a lit candle . the strange dish was served to the guest at the restaurant . the two men are sitting together looking up . a photo of two men in a dimly lit room .
we met with some old friends at the dinner . we had much to eat and drink together . the main course was really tasty . [male] and his friend had a great time together . they talked about their lives in high school together .
three ladies out for a drink , posing for a [organization] picture so it looks like they 're interesting . three fried pieces of food grouped next to a white bowl sitting on a table a small white plat sports an exotic looking dish . an image of two men at a restaurant or club two men are sitting in front of the camera smiling .
spending time with friends is really great . i enjoy having a nice meal with friends , so i eat out with them often . last night , i was in the mood for some sushi rolls , so we went to a japanese restaurant . my husband and his brother looked at me in shock , because they know i do n't even like seafood . their expressions was all the motivation i needed to go through with it , even though i honestly was having second doubts at that point !
a group of women posing during a night out . food and a bowl sitting on a table next to a votive candle . an oriental dish on a curved white plate with orange sauce on both sides . two guys posing for a photo with a funny expression two men take a selfie in a dimly lit area with aquarium behind .
our tour of the city started with the bridge . the town clock tower was the second stop . the replica of the lighthouse could have been turned on as it was overcast . we stopped at the farmers market to see the sale items . the last stop was the famous ferris wheel .
a city river surrounded by businesses and brick buildings . on a rainy day , people with umbrellas gather in front of an old stone building . three school girls walk a crowd dress in uniforms . a high angle shot of a large wooden warehouse filled with people and craft booths . a chandelier hanging over some people in the daytime .
it was an overcast day on the canal . everybody who was out had an umbrella to stay dry . people filtered into the building to escape the rain . their destination was a bazaar and exposition . the majestic rooms of the building made everyone forget the weather outside .
calm river with many buildings on each side people hold umbrellas as they walk down the street outside . the school girls walking towards the school steps a large warehouse where some sort of convention is going on . a fancy glass light hangs in a store . wood railings are around a second level .
a rainy day in a city . a big building on a rainy day . people going into a building . a big party in a big building . a big place with tables of food .
a small canal in the middle of a city this is an older building with people walking around it people walking by a building outside in the rain . a group of people that are gathered at this building . the picture is taken inside a dual level old building with lots of wood accents .
their was a local scary fair that came to our area . all of the rides were meant to scare the youngins the ferris wheel was even all lit up we stopped at the location bar for some delicious drinks . we finished it off by going on the crazy ufo wheel
i wonder how it looks inside , looks very creepy . the painting is bright and has a somewhat scary skull on it . a ferris wheel that glows brightly at night . a bright sign made out of lights that says tropicana . a large round wheel that lights up in the dark .
the castle had lights and a skull picture . there was a big ferris wheel with lights around and a spinning ride .
a colorful sign features the word `` vampira '' in patterned lights . skeletal face peering out through arched window in this colorful artwork . the amusement ride is lighted up in the night sky . a bright sign in neon lights for the tropicana a ride at a carnival mid way through the ride so the colors are shown together .
saw this cute live action puppet show called location . i swear the skeletons from the show were from r.l stine . even the ferris wheel resembled something out of frankenstein . they even had a show based off the popular orange juice brand . but by far the most harrowing ride was the ferris wheel of death . it looked like something that could kill you !
a large attraction called `` vampiria '' looks on hauntingly . a skull with eyeballs is peaking through an arched opening . a ferris wheel , lit up for evenings , spins lazily . a neon sign with [organization] written on it and under that is spelled out livero huge ferris wheel seen at night with colorful lighting .
my town had a bike parade on saturday . some of the bikes were very unique and cool to see . this one was pulling a small wagon behind it . this one bike was very tall and seemed quite dangerous to me . this one had a very large trailer with a bunch of people having a great time .
a parade is going on in the small town people are riding unique bikes in a parade . people are lining the street watching a parade of people on bicycles . bikers are parading in the middle of the street a parade with people on floats and many on lookers .
we went outside to watch a fun parade . everyone in the neighborhood was so excited . they had all kinds of neat things going on ! it was crowded but i could still see everything . i loved my first parade and ca n't wait to see another one !
this float parades down a local street past a panel of judges crowds of people watching people ride unusual bicycles . people are gathered in the square of a city a couple of people are riding bikes down the street . a crowd of people gathered and watching a group of band play on a parade float .
a crowd is gathered around the street to watch a small parade . towards the middle of the parade are a group of bicyclists . their bicycles look different than an average bike . some of them look normal but others are taller and longer than what you would expect . leading up the end of the parade is a caboose from a train with people on it .
a picture of a parade with people on both sides a couple of people are riding bikes in the street people sit along a street with bicycles parading past . a parade of people riding different types of bikes with bystanders watching . a float is driving by a crowd during a parade .
that 's me on the left . my great day started with a visit to the beach with my parents . that evening i attended an awards ceremony . those are my dear friends . my parents came from location . they look nervous in this photo but they were very excited . that 's me , just before i received my award . smiles all around . now the hard part : that 's the master of ceremonies introducing me . i have to make a speech . i 'm ready !
three people standing on a beach wear sunglasses two females and a male posing for a picture . a man and a woman are sitting at the table at the party . group of people posing for photo outdoors together . two men are standing in front of a sparking candle .
my parents came down for a local event on the weekend . in the morning we went to the beach . in the evening we decided to have dinner at a local resturant . there we happened to see my high school teacher mrs. [male] . they were nice enough to join us for dinner so we decided to capture the moment . little did we know it was their 50th anniversary , so we got to celebrate their day with the .
a picture of three people wearing sunglasses at the beach we are finished eating and just posed for a picture a couple sitting on a table looking bored . several people are posed at a gathering and looking at the camera . the guests of honor making a speech during a celebration .
the restaurant chosen for the party had an ocean view . here are three siblings that travelled in from out of state . my aunt and uncle have been married for 40 years ! the party was for them . the guests of honor proudly posed with their children . the cake with a sparkler was the final touch to a wonderful family gathering .
three people wearing sunglasses and smiling together on a beach . a group of three friends , two women and one man , smiling at the camera a man and a woman sitting down staring intently . four women and two men are posing for a picture at a restaurant . a man in a tuxedo is holding a cake with a sparkling candle on top of it .
it was a beautiful day out and we decided to spend the day together . the kids were particularly excited . we headed to the beach so the kids could play in the sand . my son was looking at a weird insect on the rock . we took many photos together for memory .
lovely white calla lilies in a vase on the table . little boy in orange shirt kneeling on a chair at a kitchen table two people looking at something interesting on the sand . a little boy playing with sea life at the beach . the goup stands together posing for a picture on the rocks and sand .
my brother [male] and his son working on his homework . my whole family standing near a beach ready for the day . [male] 's son , [male] , looking far barnacles , on the rocks . [male] and his family busy looking for barnacles , for our dinner tonight . our whole family is looking for herbs along the beach that is going to be used in cooking for our dinner today .
quiet , calm place to go to for relaxing , sleeping and napping . a little boy sits with his back to a table holding his mouth open . te two people are at he beach and are bending a little boy wearing a blue cap and a yellow and black top these family having their pictures taken with a background of stones from the sea
we woke up really early morning to bring flowers to my sister 's house . her son was up having a good time . we went to the beach to do some excavation . we taught our little boy how to dig for sea shells . we took a family picture once he found some shells .
the flowers are arranged on the table in front of the couch . a young child makes a face as he looks at the camera . a man and a woman bending down to see something on a rocky shoreline . a little boy on a beach explores rocks with a woman standing over him a group of people smiles for a photo at the beach
we all came downtown by bicycle and met on the corner . we would have came by stretch hummer , but we were poor and could n't afford the gas . by going to the cafeteria we could afford some energy food for ourselves though . a little taco and a little organization and we were good to go . it was a good night but we had a long ride home .
a group of people are standing with their bikes at night . a white hummer vehicle parked on a street . customers at counter with media lights shining brightly . the meal was served with a bottle of soda a few kids riding there bikes in a tunnel .
we went bike riding at night . we made sure to leave the car in a safe place . after we went to the taco truck to have a good meal . it was so delicious we ate a ton . we finished our ride around the city at 10 .
a group of people on bikes wait in the street a hummer is parked underneath a parking sign at night . a group of people waiting in line at a food truck a glass bottle of [organization] and a burrito on a white plate . several bicyclists in a tunnel with the lighting on .
[male] and his friends went on a bike run at night in the city . they started to gather near the park . they traveled all over the city . through tunnels and over bridges . finally stopping at their favorite food truck spot for some burritos .
a cycling gang stopping in the middle of the street . a white hummer is parked on the side of the street . people crowded around a night food stand while one waits and one orders . the plate look like there is a burrito on it . a few bikers are riding through a tunnel .
yesterday was my birthday . we celebrated by going out on the town . we went into many shops and clubs . the lights were surrounding us to bring us in . we settled in one pub and just played games . it was a wonderful birthday .
a lady watches her candles burn on the birthday cake . a whiteboard that is decorated and written on . printed words on wall indicating historical event of yore . a neon sign spells out the word light in lowercase letters . this looks to be a [organization] [organization] according to the sign .
every year another birthday comes . you add the numbers and ca n't believe how old you are . but you see things that put those numbers into perspective . you have to let a little light into your life . the probability that you have so much still ahead of you , will comfort you and make you thankful .
a boy staring at at birthday cake with frosting white board covered with a number of math problems . the advertisement is for the dead sea scrolls . an advertisement that is giving information about it . a small metal object with a coin slot sits in waiting in front of a sign that says probability machine .
happy birthday , [male] ! for his gift , he chose to go to the science museum and play with capacitors . there was an interesting drink offered that guaranteed to turn your pee purple . and possibly enhance the effects of the color wall . science buzz , indeed .
a little boy looks down at a birthday cake that has lit candles magnet letters adorn a white board in a class room . a sign that says the dead sea scrolls lighted sign attached to the side of building at night . the writing on the sign is written in black .
the blue light on the wheel was mesmerizing . when the light turned green i was completely speechless . the city at night time is jaw dropping . the reflection on the lake made the scene really unique . i decided to make the last photo my screensaver .
a large merry go round is lit up at night . a bright green [organization] wheel is illuminated against the night sky . a panorama of the skyline at night with a lit up [organization] wheel and buildings . a ferris wheel is lighted up against the night sky . a city scapes lights reflect on a body of water in front
at night the ferris wheel came alive . the colors drew the attention of crowds from all over the area . the ride fluctuated in color throughout the night , changing from one to another and back again . the reflection on the water appeared almost magical . the rest of the cityscape was not to be discounted either !
a ferris wheel is brightly lit at night a [organization] wheel is lit up with neon lights against the dark sky . the ferris wheel can be seen all lit up in teal lights at night . the neon-lighted ferris wheel embellishes an otherwise unremarkable post-industrial waterfront . a view of the waters and the buildings at night .
from far away the ferris wheel looked simply incredible . even though the first color scheme was impressive , as our boat drew closer it displayed an even cooler color scheme . as the boat rounded the harbor i was able to get a full shot of all of the buildings , their surfaces lite up now from street lights . as we were leaving the harbor once more the ferris wheel turned a welcoming blue color , as if to make my depressed mood as it faded away . i said goodbye to the lovely peer , our ferry now chugging on into the night .
the ferris wheel is lit up against the nighttime sky . a ferris wheel is lit up at nighttime so it can be seen the lights of a ferris wheel and the city at night reflect beautifully on the water a ferris wheel and several buildings are lit up against the night sky over a body of water . the lights of several buildings located near water appear at night .
the family decided to drive to their grandparent 's house in location . on our way to our parents house , we found a building with a streaming fountain . after passing through the city , we stumbled upon a house made out of adobe . as soon as we arrive to the central of the city , we realized we had been lost . the gps navigation system sent us the wrong way . once we found our way back , we decided to pass through a field of beautiful flowers .
a street of a city that is near mountains in the [location] . a picture of a waterfall that needs to clean . a house sits on a small hill surrounded by trees . the building was magnificent with its steeples and architecture a field of brightly colored flowers is next to a brook .
the building was big and it was raining . nearby at a house it was dry though and the castle was large but the flowers were pretty .
photo of a ridge line rising above a city water spills down the side of a building and then down a ledge . large building with multiple terraces near hillside area . an old church standing in front of a modern building and a key bank . a very colorful group of plants on the bank of a small creek
the city is gorgeous and has a back drop of a mountain . there is a man made waterfall in the center of the town . a large house is located near the water fall . the city is full of large building that house some of the most powerful business men . around the buildings are flower gardens .
many signs are along the road in n this small town water cascades down a tiered outdoor fountain sculpture . a very large victorian design house or hotel with a terraced lawn . huge grey building with two peaks on each side . a creek is found amidst flowers and rocks .
it was grandpa 's birthday , so all of the family decided to come celebrate . grandma had so much fun playing with her grandchildren . the little kids were happy at first , but they were getting hungry . grandma tried to distract them by playing games with them . at the end of the day , they brought out a cake for grandpa and ate so much cake !
an elderly lady , smiling , while hold a baby wearing a blue bib with dog print . two women and three small children are in a room . the babies are hugging each other so nicely . a close-up view of a woman holding a baby on her lap . there is a lit birthday cake on the table in front of the man .
the grandma was so happy to finally meet her first grandson . all the grandchildren were there for the special occasion ! they really loved each other . grandma just could n't get enough of the grandchildren . everybody seemed to forget the reason they were all there was to celebrate the grandpas birthday .
a woman holding a baby with a bib on . two women and three small children sit together . some babies are standing next to each other . an older woman is smiling as she holds a baby on her lap . a man is blowing out birthday candles on a cake
grandmother meeting her 5th grandson at the birthday party . mom and kids together looking at husband play , and grandmother dancing with her grandson . metting his cousin for the first time . grandmother happy to be with her granddaughter . singing happy birthday to grandfather .
an elderly woman beams while holding a baby . two women holding babies on their lap , in a living room . two young children are shown . the female has on a shirt with flowers . a woman holding her child or grandchild a man sitting in front of a birthday cake with lit candles .
we traveled to the mountains for a camp out last weekend . first we set up our tent and camping area . then we went on a hike . the mountain flowers were beautiful . we then passed by the lake . it was so calm . after our hike we just relaxed and enjoyed the beautiful view .
a river is surrounded by majestic mountains and a forest . a person is looking through his bag while another works . a cluster of bright pink flowers adorn a plant growing out of a rocky area . a person standing near a small lake at the base of a mountain . he was sitting atop a small mountain viewing a snowcapped , mountainous landscape .
the camp site was up on a hill . they had a lot of tents . flowers were nearby the campsite . in the distance a lake could be seen . the camper took a rest to enjoy the scenery .
two tall mountains with a small pond in front of one three tents in the grass near two people . flowers that are outside next to some rocks a small lake is in the middle of the mountain he has a great view from up here .
a couple of friends decided to go to the mountains for the summer . we made it a little below the top of the mountain . many beautiful flowers could be seen on the mountain . a couple of friends gathered sticks to make a fire . the other half of the group put the camping tents up while the other group was gathering sticks .
a lake is surrounded by mountains and green hills . a few people are setting up tents . a lot of small , bright pink flowers are close to the ground . a mountain surrounds calm lake in the valley . a view of the mountains with a man 's shoes in the forefront .
a weekend trip out to the farm was just what the family needed . father and son take some time to play fetch with the dog in the field . the puppy sure likes to run around and play in the grass . look how much mom 's garden has grown since the last time we were here at the family farm . even both sets of grandparents showed up to enjoy a big , fun , family weekend away from the city .
horses enjoying the vast space of the field . a spotted beagle looks up curiously from its bowl of water as people in the background look on . a boy in a field with his beagle dog . flowers and leaves growing on a metal fence . an older picture with sour family memebers surronded by cars .
as they arrived at the farm , a horse ran to greet them . the dog also seems happy to see them . the dog loved playing catch with people . everywhere on the farm , flowers were in bloom . they would never forget this trip together .
a horse is running across a field of grass . two boys and a dog are standing in a grassy field . a cute dog struts on the lawn while the boy is distracted . flowers adorn a fence in front of an empty field . these are four people standing within their cars
they had a large ranch . it was large enough to ride their horses . the dog enjoyed the outdoors as well . the interiors were cozy . and the decorations were quaint .
a fenced in field with horses walking around . dog tied to rope stands next to bowl and young children in large open field . a dog that is walking on the field with the person . grown plants in open space outside at farm . a vintage photo from the 1950 's showing a group of four standing and posing for the camera .
there was a big festival going on today . there was a lot of people out walking the streets . we even seen some characters walking around . there were vehicles that were decorated as well . there were plenty of people there to make the day fun .
a little girl that is inside of a cardboard box . a bunch of people mill around on a street . a couple with fake mustaches dressed in overalls and solid red and green shirts respectively on a city street . a car decorated with lots of paper flyers . armed service men are getting ready to head to batle .
we saw people dressed up . some people had funny looking wigs . others were dressed up as [male] and luigi . we saw a van covered in stickers . we kept walking on the street .
a girl dressed in a costume smiles looking up . two girls with pink hair are walking on a busy street . two people dressed up as mario and luigi . a truck covered with paper fliers driving down a brick road , surrounded by people . european military forces patrol the streets alongside pedestrians .
[female] could barely contain her excitement at attending her first comicon . she had heard there were all kinds of costumes there . especially iconic characters from video games ! sometimes people got a little carried away , though . she hoped everybody would behave and not make the police angry .
the little girl is dressed in a costume . group of people walking down a busy street boys dressed up as mario and luigi from marios world a vehicle with newspapers plastered on it near people walking on brick street . soldiers dressed in black scour the city streets looking for a suspect .
my family and i love christmas morning ! everyone loves being together and opening presents . [female] is excited to open her presents . this big present was exactly what she wanted . but at the end of the day we are always all tuckered out .
a boy is touching the top of a girls head . a young girl looking in excitement at all the christmas gifts . older white women looking at a gift and surprised . two children are posing with two family members for a picture . a women sleeps in pink pajamas on the couch .
the kids were so eager to open the presents they got for christmas . [female] went first to pick her present , she was so excited . [female] did n't understand her new gadget . here we are taking the family picture , the happiest family on earth . [female] was so tired after the excitement that she dozed off at the end .
the kids have santa hats on and are posing for a picture . a girl wearing a [location] hat looks over a large pile of presents . a middle aged woman looks appreciatively at a just unwrapped gift . this gramma and grampa are watching something interesting with a girl and boy . a person is asleep on the couch in sleepwear .
these kids are enjoying christmas morning . [female] is excited to see her presents . [female] got a magazine subscription . grandma and grandpa are taking a picture with the grandkids . mom put on her new bathrobe and fell to sleep .
a boy wearing and elf hat sits next to a girl wearing a [location] hat . woman in a santa hat looking at the present a women is holding and inspecting a gift . the man and the woman pose foe a picture with the children woman wearing pajamas and slippers falls asleep while eating on the couch .
for my first time trying lobster , i wanted to make sure i chose the right one . the size of claws can determine the age of the lobster as well as the kind of lobster . this one looks right . they really are interesting creatures . they are tasty too !
an opened package containing seaweed and a lobster . a woman shows off the lobster she 's caught the large insect on the table is brown in color two lobsters with their pincers taped shut are lying on the floor . large claws are main feature of huge lobster in basket .
i bought four lobsters for tonight . i spent a lot of time carefully choosing which lobsters i want . time to drop it into some boiling water to kill it . i had to make sure the claws were closed shut so that it did n't try to stop me from killing it with boiling water . yummy !
a lobster with rubber bands on their claws a group of lobsters that have their claws strapped with rubber bands . a live lobster on a table with his claws taped closed . two lobsters out of the water and on a table . a large red lobster is in a wire device .
live lobsters were removed from the box . the lobster 's are laid out on the floor in a row . the lobster 's had their claws clamped . two lobster 's lay on the floor with their claws closed with rubber bands . lobster 's are set in a metal basket .
a black and yellow lobster with it 's claws banded . four lobsters with their pinchers tied placed on the wood floor . a large lobster sitting on a wooden table with heavy rubber bands around it 's claws . two lobsters fresh from the tank stand on the shiny waxed floor , awaiting an unknown fate . close-up view of two large lobster in a basket .
geisha girls are common to find on stamps from location . this one from 1966 features butterflies along with a geisha . in 1967 location issued one that featured a lake behind the geisha . here is one from 1969 where a girl is getting her hair fixed by another geisha . on this 1970 stand the girl is holding a japanese drum called a `` tsuzumi '' .
a person in the moonlight on a stamp . an old chinese stamp with two women and a bird on it . a stamp from an asian country painted red with other colors . a ten yen cancelled postage stamp from [location] [location] . a stamp from an asian country with a woman in a blue dress on it .
my father had a stamp collection . h.is stamps were beautiful some of the collection were many stamps connected to make one picture . others , were very old . all of the stamps , together , made my father proud of his array .
a stamp from [location] depicts a witch walking toward some flowers under a half moon . on a ten-cent stamp , two women in traditional chinese garb stand with a swan . a trio of stamps are being used to snd for a letter . a japanese stamp from 1966 with an image of a woman . a stamp with a elegant japanese woman near a body of water
my stamp collection has grown over the years . this one here is one of my favorites . this one is the oldest that i have . i like this particular stamp because of the elegant and almost sad look of the woman 's face . this is the stamp that came out the following year .
the canceled stamp depicts a cute witch walking in the snow on a moonlit night . an old postage stamp of oriental figures and a stork . this image is blank and cant be described an old asian stamp has a picture of a woman with butterflies on it . a japanese stamp is postmarked and depicts a woman sitting by water .
patio parties at my friend [female] 's are always a lot of fun , and many people from the neighborhood turn out . this one time , they hired a mariachi band , that was the best day . [male] boy likes to spin at these parties sometimes , and he takes requests . one party was sponsored by cuervo silver , and they put up a big inflatable tequilla bottle . the ladies really know how to cut loose and dance !
a group of people enjoy live music and dancing . a group of people watch a band perform at an outside concert . an mc and dj perform outdoors as a woman dances . a group of people gathered at a festival . the women celebrate by dancing with each other
the party is crowded . everyone is having a great time . the djs are playing a set . everyone is dancing . everyone had an awesome time .
the band plays as the party is enjoyed by many a small band is playing for the crowd a couple of djs spin at an outdoor concert . a group of people dance at an outside fair . two girls are dancing in a raunchy way at a large gathering with other adults .
the party was really starting now . the band was geared up to play . the dj was also there for later . people started dancing . they were really having a great time and party .
a band plays as some couples dance and other people sit at tables in an outdoor area . the band is playing as the people listen a man standing at a laptop beside a man on a microphone . a group of men and women standing around outdoors . a pair of young girls dance on each other while the crowd watches .
coco fest was held in downtown location . it featured performers from many countries . organization organization organization dropped the beat with this speakers . the crazy hippies dropped it like it was super hot . the karate masters decided to perform their skills on the hippies .
flag making political statement of joining forces during rally the women in makeup stand out in the crowd . the drummers are marching in the town parade . a black woman that is dressed in a very provocative outfit . a woman and two girls are practicing karate .
there was a big festival in town a big flag was flown to commemorate a man was pulled on a chair through the parade dancers performed behind him a karate crew showed up to show off some tricks
marchers carry a banner for a globally minded school and children 's centre . there is a large crowd and some have their faces painted . a drum corps marches while playing their instruments . a crowd gathers to watch a woman in a fluorescent pink bikini and large feathered headpiece , entertain them . a mixed group of children follow a woman in instructions for martial arts .
a tourist goes to a heritage day parade . he loves the flag . he records people dancing . then , a marching band walks down the street . he thinks this lady is attractive , so he takes her picture . then , the local karate club does their performance .
a composite of several flags borders a banner for a children 's center . a woman in costume dances in the middle of a crowd . a group of teenagers marching and playing on drums . outdoor carnival scene depicting female carnival dancer dressed in red two piece outfit . the people belong to a karate school and are part of a parade .
today we saw some family everyone showed up for the fun . it was a fun time to take a picture together . we wanted to always remember our fun moments . the day ended with a surprise cake for the family .
woman sitting on the floor of a room with others a lady poses with a very young child in her arms a dog with blue eyes looking at the camera people stand in a kitchen while a woman holds a child near a cake . a white cake with multiple colors on top and bugs .
someone takes a picture of a lady while she looks away . grandma and baby takes a picture . then a group family picture is taken . and other family picture is taken . then the baby comes in and blows her candles out her cake .
a woman with long black hair sitting down and looking to the side . a woman in a torquoise top , holding a young child a blue-eyed , pointy-eared puppy stares at the camera . several members of a family celebrate a birthday with a cake that is on the counter a birthday cake is decorated with ladybugs and butterflies .
we got together for [female] 's first birthday . grandma had fun with [female] and all the kids . [female] 's dog is so cute ! it looks like it wears makeup . we gathered round to sing happy birthday . the cake was simple but quite cute .
a lady with a black shirt and long black hair a woman holds a young girl and poses for the camera . a dog with blue eyes and a blue leash is walking on cement . a group of people is standing in the kitchen and there 's cake [female] 's beautiful lady bug birthday cake about to be cut .
went out for the night with my friends for fireworks ! we had a great time waiting for the fireworks itself . the fireworks from our view were fantastic and really cool . we were far away , but the city in the background with the fireworks made it look even better . we had a really great time together .
two people are outside making a mess with soda bottles tall buildings of a city are showing against a night sky . the man is watching a bottle of diet coke explode like a geyser . a group of people are gathered together watching something . people are enjoying the fountains when putting mintoes into coke bottles
they are experience with cokes and mentor . and watching fireworks at a distance . what a beautiful show . then they watched a movie together . and went back outside at midnight .
a woman and a man next to an exploding soda container with mountains in the background . many tall buildings are lighting up a city street at night a man is standing on the grass with erupting soda bottles around him . a group of people is standing on the front patio of a house . a guy and a girl in a field throwing mentos in 2 liter cokes .
two men set up a firecracker outside on the fourth of july in a big city they watch the fireworks go off then head inside for some partying after some partying they go outside and have some more fun with fireworks
some sort of liquid flies through the air between a man and a woman on a lawn . fireworks off into the distance behind the buildings . a man is watching as pepsi is exploding out of the bottle a man is standing on a post with others on the deck of a house . a man and woman are watching as coke bottles shoot coke in the air .
the family got together for a dinner gathering . they rented a place for one day . we are so glad we got reunited because it 's been awhile since we seen each other . a few of us got together separately to take some photos . we also took some photos of each one of by ourselves at the family gathering . the day is almost over . just a little more reminiscing and then we all have to go home .
5 men smiling while getting their picture taken four men sitting at a table at an outdoor party . two adults seated at a table with half eaten plates of food in front of them a man is finishing his dinner at a restaurant . a man and his friends have drinks at a table
the guys were waiting for the hosts to seat them at the table . it was a different type of restaurant , where the is already awaiting your arrival . then someone shared a joke about how it was nice for the food to wait on people for a change . not everyone agreed that this was a good technique . then one guy pointed out that they were seated at the wrong table .
a group of men stand outside a bar for a picture . the men surrounded the table after the meal . the two men are sitting at the table after a meal a man with a orange shirt is sitting at a table . two men that are seated at a table with plates and cups on it .
everyone are taking pictures before dinner more pictures are taking at the dinner table before they start eating pictures are snapped while people are having fun people are still getting pictures taken of them while they finish up there food last picture taken before dinner was over
a group of friends enjoying a gathering at a bar . four friends are gathered for an authentic indian dinner . a smiling couple sits to enjoy a meal together a man sitting at a table in a restaurant with an empty plate in front of him . two men smile over finished plates of food .
this is a bus . it was in an accident . with my car ! i was not happy . it was going to get expensive .
a bus is sitting on the side of the road . police vehicle following behind a yellow bus . left side broken bumper on a dark blue mini van . the bumper is hanging off and dented badly . the damage was minor but still costly and very angering .
a school bus drove by my broken car today . a police car pulled the bus over because i told it to . my van can not drive anymore because a lunatic hit my car . this damage will cost me an entire paycheck . at least i can still use the trunk to sit in .
a yellow school bus driving on a street . a police car following a yellow bus on a public street . a dark-colored car shows damage to the rear bumper . the rear bumper of a car is photographed to show damage . the rear bumper of a teal van after a wreck .
the school bus was involved in a minor accident today . police officers were quick to respond . the bus hit a station wagon from behind . the rear bumper was damaged . fortunately the hatch door of the vehicle was still operational .
a school bus sits on an otherwise empty road . a photo of a street with a school bus driving in front of a police car . a blue car has its bumper hanging off the car was in an accident and the rear fender was damaged a vehicle with an open trunk has a damaged bumper .
it was a clear day yesterday . i went for a walk and saw many curious things . i went down to the port . there were a lot of markings on the walkway . i wonder what they mean .
the hotel sign could use a bit of work . the shadow of a man on a walkway bridge over a highway taking a photo of cars below . a guy in a jail birds outfit with hand cuffs on . people walking down walk way next to body of water . two seagulls that are next to each other .
the hotel is high up above the traffic and near the artwork . the people walk along the shore and see birds .
five metal letters of a sign on a building . an aerial view of traffic on a highway . man in black and white prison style jumpsuit with faded words to right side . many people are walking along the waterfront on a bright day . seagulls standing on a wooden deck next to the water
this is the hotel we stayed at on our vacation . the hotel overlooked a busy road . we saw a piece of banksy grafitti on our way to the beach . at the beach , we walked along the boardwalk . it was a beautiful day ! we even fed the hungry seagulls .
the sign hotel is very rusty from the rain . this image is of a cars on a freeway . graffiti art in the form of a stencil of a prisoner . people walking beside the ocean and exploring the beauty scene two birds standing on a dock near the sea .
dinner started with soup and drinks . we got to go into the kitchen and see the sea monster we would be eating for dinner . i have never seen a crab so big in my life . we could n't wait to dig into all this amazing food . fruit was a perfect end to the meal . i was so full .
a person is sitting at a table with a tray of mugs , glasses and bowls . a woman bends over washtubs with large crabs in them . man wearing mr. bones shirt holding large crab a group of people are sitting together and eating a meal . a person with a knife in front of a fruit topped dessert .
the seafood was battered lightly and delicately . the crab was friend to a golden brown . we played games with the fried crab and had fun . the chef was doing an excellent job that day . we all shared the meal together at the table .
four wine glasses , nine coffee cups , and nine bowls with spoons . a woman crouches near an ocean creature in a white tub . a man is holding a large stuffed crab in his hands a family is eating asian food around a table with food on a turntable in the middle . a person sitting in front of a cake decorated with strawberries .
sometimes the trays were extra heavy . especially when they got the big crabs in . strike that , make it giant crabs . large heavy tray laden with pounds of food . sometimes even giant squash filled with fruit would weigh 20 pounds or more .
a man is seated across the table from the photographer ; there are many cups and bowls on the table . the woman is squatting down looking at the crab a man in glasses holding a very large and spine covered crab up in the air by two legs . the four people eat lots of different foods with chopsticks . a person cutting into an orange birthday cake with berries and whip cream on top .
i found some old comics in my parent 's attic this past weekend . i found some pretty neat stuff . this was a treasure hunt attached in one of the back 's . this is what was in fashion in their day . times definitely have changed . this is some picture of women playing piano . not really sure what it means . an ad for what looks like organization . mmmm tasty .
a children 's picture book called `` adventures of the big boy '' . the illustrated cover of children 's book featuring mushrooms and squirrels . promotional display featuring staff in various apparel in various colors . two rows of women playing pianos stretch to the distance . a retro sign shows a child dreaming of junkfood .
the first comic [female] [female] ever drew , came out that day . after that she got opportunity to draw so much more . sh even released some catalogues she dabbled slightly in photography . at the end of the day , she was proud of the work she 'd done .
book with small boy and golden figures on it . a page called `` fairy ring mushroom '' and has pictures of mushrooms all over it . a woman modeling four different 1960s retro style outfits . an autographed , sepia toned , image of two long rows of women sitting at grand pianos . a picture of a cartoon dreaming of food .
my parents bought war bonds and used them to buy records so we could listen to piano music . i think that is why i was able to play well enough to preform at location location . some people thought i played divinely ! i was over the rainbow with that compliment from the critics . it was like a fairy tale come true for me !
cover of a comic book in colors for children this is a fact page from the fairy ring mushroom book . this is photograph in multiple poses modeling different outfits . two rows of women are playing grand pianos a poster of a man dreaming of a hamburger and coca-cola .
getting help with the kayak for a day on the water . friends and family having fun on the lake . what great exercise while skiing on the water . friends and family having fun on a large raft on the water . teaching baby how to swim while making sure he 's safe .
a woman who was skiing letting a man help her get back into the boat family with a baby out on the boat for a day of rest . a young man holds on to the tow line and skis through the water . three adults and a toddler on a raft in the middle of a lake . a woman and child are in water with safety vests on .
the family took a trip out on their boat . even the little children came . they went tubing in the lake . four people were able to fit on the tube at once . grandma takes a turn swimming with the little one .
man on a dock helps a girl out the water . a man in yellow is holding a baby in a life jacket a man wake boarding in the water leaning backwards . this image is of a group of people on a inflatable boat . a woman is in the lake with a young child .
it was [male] first trip on a boat with his aunts , uncles and grandparents . they dressed him up like a little captain to the joy of his relatives . after a while , [male] got grumpy and slightly sea sick . aunty [male] tried to make him feel better but it did n't work . grandma [female] decided that swimming with him in 30 degree water would make him happier .
a man helping a woman out of the water and back into a boat . a male holding an infant boy in a boat on the waterfront . the man is surfing on the water while being pulled . three adults and a baby are in an inflatable raft in the water . woman smiling as she holds a young baby in a life jacket .
the carnaval was great so much good food the rides we so fun people even could win prizes this guy almost won
herbed fries , chicken strips , and funnel cake are the fare of choice at the carnival . a large ferris wheel ride stands out against the blue sky . adults taking a selfie photo while attending amusement with other visitors . a game that is being played for a price of .10 two young women are looking at the camera .
chili fries , hot wings , yum . ferris wheels , yay ! friends all over the place , cool . games , way cool . awesome to be 13 , like totally .
fried chicken , french fries , and funnel cake are presented on a table in paper dishes . a carnival wheel is partly outlined by a blue sky . two women at a fair are taking a picture with a large camera . a carnival game that costs 10 cents is pictured here . two girls with brown hair who are upset .
i love the french fries and chicken at the carnival . the ferris wheel is one of my favorite rides though i 'm still afraid of heights . my and my bestie [female] went around and took a lot of pictures . the only thing i do n't like are the carnival games because i 'm very bad at them . we took a last selfie in our hotel room . ca n't wait to go back to the carnival tomorrow !
a table is covered with fries , chicken tenders and a funnel cake . a ferris wheel on a bright day with a blue sky . people at amusement park . couple holding camera . game sign stating touch any red spot win 's have fun trade up for larger prizes two girls taking a selfie making serious faces .
last year i flew to location . it was my first ride in a plane . from my seat i could look out the window at the ground below . i could even see the roads down there . i was really glad to be back on the ground when we landed .
an older couple walking across a runway towards a plane . 2 people sitting on plane next to window seats far below the plane , the roads looked miniature in size . building with many windows under blue sky with clouds suspended figure of pterodactyl hanging from ceiling of museum
this couple was ready to board the plane for their first trip . they were extremely excited ! they were able to see many beautiful scenery . they finally arrived in location after a long ride . the airport itself was amazing and they could n't wait to see the rest .
a group of passengers is headed towards an airplane . two people sitting in seats on and airplane , one person is holding a camera . a plane flies overhead over a field from the sky above the [location] facility a large red sign welcomed visitors . a large model of a flying dinosaur hangs from the ceiling .
my parents wanted to fly to visit me in location . they boarded their small plane and took pictures as they did . they took a bunch of pictures of the land as they flew over it . they were excited to land in location . in the airport they took pictures of the dinosaur models to show their friends .
people walk across a tarmac to a waiting airplane . a man holding a camera and a woman , both whom are sitting in an airplane . photo taken out of airplane window , showing highway interchange and green fields . a photo of the [location] airport on a clear day . a dinosaur statue is hanging in a museum .
the waves were calm today which made it a great day for a surf lesson . the boys laid on their surfboards and learned how to row out to sea and then they got in the water and tried it out . a rainbow started to form above the water as the boys swam out to catch some waves . when they came back in , they were so excited that they had actually surfed !
cloudy day at a stony beach with gray sea and waves breaking . the man is looking out to water and pointing to the wave . people with surfboards waiting to surf on a wave there are two rainbows over the water in the picture . three people surfing in the ocean , having fun .
i went to learn to surf on the coast . [male] pointed out a rainbow . here we are going out to sea . here 's the rainbow in the background . i surfed my first wave !
a photo of the ocean water crashing against the rocks the man pointed out to the sea where the waves were the largest . it was too stormy to be surfing but they will not listen a rainbow is shining across the ocean and into the clouds . 3 people are surfing the waves in black wet suits
the weather was shaping up to be perfect for surfer school . the guys first practiced on the sand . the water was colder than they expected . the rainbow made us feel as if was going to be a good day . he finally had success .
storm clouds over ocean with rocks along shore line a man is standing on the sand pointing at the waves in the ocean . the surfers are headed out to the waves in the ocean . a rainbow over a body of water with surfers in it a man surfing in the ocean on a cloudy day .
it was early in the office when we got the assignment . first we started by pulling all the files out that were required . we all gathered around . by then it was almost 10:00 ! ! we kept at it all day , going through the files , making stacks , and organizing . by the end of the day , we had them all sorted , and back in the drawers .
an elderly woman wearing a colorful shirt sits in front of a computer monitor . pointing woman sitting in a room with three other women . a grey knitted mouse sits atop a blue wall clock . a man surrounded piles of files is pulling out wire racks . a white filing cabinet with blue labels and full of files
mrs. jones had to organize . the students gave her hand . they spent hours working and time flew . [male] was the last to leave . everything was neat and tidy afterwards !
a lady is working on the computer in a room the women were discussing the issues they found in the files on the table . a wall clock with a knitted elephant on top of it . a man is working in a room that contains several file folders stacked on a table . a filing cabinet drawer for the term [location] filled with folders .
[female] was working hard . everyone at the office was ready to work . their day was just beginning . [male] stopped by to help do some work . he was in charge of organizing the folders .
an older woman getting instruction on using a computer . woman working in the office with huge stacks of paper . round blue framed clock with black hands and mouse on top . a person is sitting on a chair near a lot of files . filing cabinet drawer that is opened and says mississippi on the front .
i 'm thinking about selling my car . with some of this damage , i wonder what i can get for the car . i had n't realized this runner was lifted . and i knew about his damage , but i think it got dinged more in the parking lot . how did i bend the exhaust pipe ? i can not recall this happening . i still wonder what i can sell it for ...
a vehicle that is green and showcasing its license plate . the muffler of the truck saw better days but made it sound faster . the place on the car that people use to step up on the side of the vehicle has scratches and dents on it . one of the vehicle 's exhaust pipes is crushed .
this organization pilot must have been backed into something . you can see dents and scratched around the fender . there are further scrapes on the body of the car . this panel will need to be painted to eliminate the scratches and damage . even the tailpipe was crushed in the accident .
a view of the back of a pilot vehicle 's license plate . the exhaust tips , one bent , of an automobile . the step on the side of a green truck the green metal of a vehicle has dust and scratches on it . two exhaust pipes are pictured ; one is significantly bent inward .
you can see the damage to the rear hatch of the vehicle . this is a picture of the damage to one of the muffler pipes . the molding on the bumper is separating from the bumper . there are multiple scratches on the tailgate . this is a close-up picture of the damage to the tail pipe .
the green car has a license plate on the back a picture of the back of a cars exhaust pipe close up view of a disconnected piece of plastic on bumper of vehicle . the car has some scrapes on the back of it . two battered and dirty looking exhaust pipes .
[female] has decided to change her morning walk . so she leaves her little mansion and heads east . she follows the well defined trail to the old church and church tower . the exterior of church is beautiful with foliage . the entrance to the tower is impressive with its substantial architecture . she gets permission to go in and one of the people inside snaps her picture as she ascends to the top . so , in addition to her normal walking , she did some stair climbing also .
a manicured lawn with trees in front of a large conventional building of two stories and many windows . a stone walkway meanders down a tree-lined path in front of a house . a small church surrounded by flowers lies under a cloudy sky . a tall building is mainly grey and white a girl in jeans walking up a white wrought iron staircase with a stone background .
the family home was a colonial style . it had long pathways into the forest . they could see fields were great battles had once been fought . often , tourists would come by . the views were magnificent .
a big white house that has a big green grass field in front o fit . the stairs made of concrete extend up to th building on the hill the old stone church was very unique just because of the strange pattern on the roof architectural stone monument on stone slab in park a woman is walking up a set of rod iron stairs .
the park 's center resembled a stately house . there were stone steps on pathways . many acres of green space was present . different trails existed for different interests . a lake stood in the middle of wild preserves .
people stand in front of a large white house with green shutters . a unique set of stairs and brick railing is lined through the woods . purple and white flowers grow in the garden beside an old stone church . a grey stone building stands in a field in front of some trees . a lady posing on a white metal staircase
we attended a christmas village today . there were many stores . the stores sold many location location dolls . there was one of santa claus playing the violin . they even sold his outfits !
a sign reading 'children 's village ' in front of a playground various plants sitting inside on a wooden table . a glass shelves hold different christmas themed items . an antique collection of [location] [location] 's sit on display atop of table inside a public building . a christmas tree that is leaning to the side
the little bridge that went over the road was pretty cool . just look at these beautiful flowers ! this is an awesome stash of christmas toys and stuff . look at all the little location location . this is one amazing christmas tree .
the entrance to the amusement park is not lit up a variety of potted plants sit on a table a china cabinet of various santa clause figurines a table full of [organization] [organization] dolls and figurines . a christmas tree that is decorated with ornaments .
we had made it to the children 's village ! the flowers in the village area were beautiful . some of the location figurines were inside of a cabinet more of the location figurines were displayed on the table . that 's a lot of santas . the christmas tree was filled with colorful ornaments .
park enterence with rainbow gate and multicolored climb station a table of various species of plants and flowers [location] cabinet full of different christmas and [location] related items . many different [location] dolls on display on case the christmas tree is decorated with lights and ornaments .
[male] and dan were going to the capitol building for fireworks . they enjoyed board games as they wait for nightfall many others gathered around waiting for the fireworks [male] taking a selfie as they wait for the night to come the night falls and the crowd is eager for the fireworks
the tourists gathered around the large [location] memorial . the walkway next to a memorial of a wall of names . two people riding a motorcycle down a road a guy smiling weirdly at a crowd , maybe a picnic . a large group of people sitting on the grounds in front of a domed government building .
on friday evening , we visited location location , and our first stop was the organization organization . after leaving the memorial , we saw a beautiful view of the location monument . our friends , buck and [female] , brought their motorcycle as it was a beautiful evening . before the sun fully set , we were gathered on the lawn , anxiously awaiting a rally by a presidential hopeful . there was a great crowd for the rally . the setting was perfect , as the location building was right behind us .
many people gathered around the giant statue of a president people viewing a monument at night in [location] [location] . two people wearing helmets speed down the highway on a blue touring motorcycle . while the rest of the crowd - seated on blankets and quilts in a park setting - watches a concert , a brunette-haired man in his early twenties smiles at the camera . [location] capitol building with people gathered on the mall .
the family is in location location seeing the sites . the family taking a walk around the location monument riding on a motorcycle after seeing the monument [male] is excited to see the white house . hanging out at the location location location location .
adults standing next to statue of famous person forever sculptured in stone . the washington monument is illuminated by a white light . two people on a motorcycle just zooming along the road . kids sitting outside boy in red shirt smiling at camera a large group of people sitting out front of the capital building .
heading to the mountains for a nice weekend . we are almost at the mountains . we have finally arrived at the park . setting up the tent for the night . the mountains were lovely but its time to head home .
a large rock with `` [location] [location] '' carved into it sits in the foreground , with a breathtaking mountain landscape in the background a pitched tent in the middle of a forest with tall trees a tent is sitting on the ground in the middle of the forest mountainside seen through the trees under blue sky . beautiful rural scenery of a crisp fall day .
upon arrival , we decided to take a picture when we seen the estes park sign . after arrival , we decided to go ahead and set up camp . the camp site was now for a nights stay . we walked about 150 feet from our campsite to scope out a mountain for tomorrows hike . finally , we wrapped up the day by setting up a picnic for the three of us .
the rock sign is for [location] [location] in [location] . a tent in the woods beside two large trees a small green tent sits ominously in a small clearing in the woods . a mountain range is seen through trees and shrubs ; blue sky in background the foliage has turned a yellow against the other greens
the drive to the campsite was long . [male] was there already , shining the light through the fabric of the tent . the campsite was secluded . after a quite morning , the sun came out and lit up the mountains . perfect time for a hike .
a landmark made of stone along a roadway on a mountain . a gray camping tent is set up in the middle of the lush northern woods . a tent is pitched in a dead field of a forest a mountain top is covered with evergreens with a bright blue sky . a beautiful vista of a creek running through an autumn forest .
there was an after school sports activity the teams each posed for a picture each team consisted of boys and girls there was yellow and black teams and they all posed together one last time they had a great time
everybody was so proud the team was doing great in the season . youth boys and girls posing for a team photo indoors . a soccer team standing under a net displaying some plaques . a soccer team poses for pictures and hold a sign inside of a soccer goal . a group of students pose for a photo in front of a soccer net .
everyone was so excited to finally get their team picture in the yearbook . the coaches stood around congratulating each other . they also congratulated our team . the team lined up to take their group shot . the picture came out really well .
an announcer speaking in a gym surrounded by others . a group of people that enjoy a sport . group of children standing proudly in front of a goal post inside a building . girls soccer team poses for a picture with their awards . a group of students huddle around an indoor soccer goal to pose for a photo
today , we had a celebration fro the hockey teams . here are the pictures from each of the teams . each team was proud of their own team . even though the season was over , they still wanted to play . at the end , we just took a picture of all the kids supporting the teams .
men are gathered on the basketball court in business attire . two teams pose on an indoor court in front of a net with awards . people are sitting and standing with signs on the floor a sports team with yellow uniforms , standing in front of a goal . a group of young children standing in front of an indoor soccer goal in a gym .
i went to the church last weekend for the party . there were a ton of people there . they were all enjoying the good food there . afterward i took some photos with my friends . we had a great time .
a family is sitting around a table eating asian food a group of people at a gathering of some sort surround tables a crowd of people fill the seats at tables in a large room . a packed room full of people eating food . a family stands together in traditional clothing from their culture .
my brother was baptized at a catholic church . the baptism was attended by our extended family and friends . we had a dinner party afterwards . my brother took pictures with different friends and relatives . my brother appeared to have a good time on this special day .
young adults enjoying meal while sitting at table . a group of people that are in a building . a large group of people at tables having a meal . people are eating and sitting around red tables in a white room . two men in silk mandarin shirts with a girl in a silk red dress .
my family and i got together to celebrate a religious moment in our lives.my daughter coming of age.we had a small meal during the ceremony . the men in suits , my uncles , were about to make a speech in honor of my daughter . a large room of mostly family and friends . there are other important people of our culture and community present as well . everyone had a great time and most definitely enjoyed a great meal . my brother , myself and my daughter dressed up in our traditional clothing .
a family sitting around a table covered with a red tablecloth , two women are holding chopsticks . chinese clergymen and young people are attending a banquet . room full of adults sitting down to eat together . the large group of people are enjoying their lunch in the crowded room . two asian men and a young asian girl dressed in fancy clothes
some friends and i went to the club . the music was loud and everyone was a little uptight . a few drinks loosened us up enough to dance . a few more had us all up and moving . by the end of the night we were silly !
a normal looking woman poses with a couple of tools . a middle aged couple out for a casual night out are surrounded by special effects multi-colored ribbons . a bunch of friends all cheerfully yelling at their guy friend at a party and he is a little shy about it but likes the attention . a group of people that are standing next to each other . the man drew some eyes on his stomach to make his belly button look like a face .
we all met at the club to celebrate his big night . she was sure happy to see me there . we started to take goofy pictures after a few drinks . i think he was even happier to see his friend . it was a great time had by all .
the group of friends hug each other in a bar . a woman and a man are posing at a nightclub a man wearing glasses smiles while people surround him . adults enjoying a good time at night time event . a face is drawn on a man 's stomach so that the belly button is the mouth .
look who we ran into at our local watering hole . my crazy brother . my brother met up with a new girl . she was shy . as usual , he had some stories and adventures to share . after a few drinks , the gang got a little out of hand . some silly body art on the drunkest person in the group . he was driven home .
friends are out a bar posing for picture a woman and an oblivious man posing for a photo in a dark room . a man is the center of attention at an evening party . three people standing in a nightclub with a man gesturing toward something . person pointing at a man 's belly that has a drawing
the husband and i spent hours in the kitchen . this year , we made homemade gifts for christmas . i made posters for my coworkers , so that they could have simple directions to the party we are hosting . we still have a lot of work ahead of us before we are finished with preparations .
a woman sits on the floor and works on arts and crafts . a young man is making pretty cookies in a cluttered kitchen . three cans of christmas fudge , each different sized . photos of a group of people stand on a wooden table . this image is of a group of science board projects .
when we got to the party they were still setting up . the food was almost done . they bought a lot of chocolate . they had put up picture frames everywhere . it looked great .
a blonde woman with her hair in a bun works on an art project on the floor . a man is preparing a pan of chocolate covered strawberries . a trio of cans are displayed on a counter . image of a brown counter top with copies of pictures that are framed . a display with five or six posters at a science fair .
[male] spent a long time preparing his posters for the competition . he made some strawberries to bribe the judge with . he made 2 poster that he thought could win . he hoped and prayed that the judge would choose him . finally the day came and the judge chose someone else 's work . he was so disappointed .
an image of a woman taping pictures on a board the man is placing the fruit on parchment paper three cans of christmas fudge are arranged on a table . several black picture frames on a wooden table . several information signs displayed on tables in a large office room
when i got to the amusement park there was a snake roller coaster . the kids wanted to ride on it . they were a little bit scared of it . but they did it anyway . they had a great time .
a building with an ornately carved facade featuring egyptian motifs . two children close to each other smiling with their heads turned to the side three children sit in the cart of an amusement park ride . two children smile as they take a turn in an amusement park ride . ride with a face of a snake with a child seated in the front seat
there 's an amazing carnival show in town ! [female] and [female] are so excited . they get ride the tilt-a-while . they get to drive bumper cars . they even get to see a smiling snake !
an egyptian themed carnival ride all lit up two young girls smile at the base of some metal stairs . three young kids in an amusement park ride . two girls sitting inside of a bumper car at the fair . a kid that is seated on a ride that is shaped like a cobra .
we went this this little fair about snakes . they had this big ride with a snake at the front of it . it was such a sight to see . the kids seems to really enjoy it . there where so excited to get in that ride . after to big snake ride the kids tried out so many of the different rides . we where not finished until well into the night .
a colorful building with lights adorned by egyptian pharaohs . two children that are next to each other . children are riding a paint bucket ride at a fair two siblings that are enjoying a card ride together . a giant green snake is a ride .
i 've worked at our college library since i was 25 , which means i 've walked this wooded path to work for 30 years now . i can say almost every day of work has been a happy one . i love the beauty of our campus . the organization organization organization is one of the best college libraries in the midwest . i 'd like to think my employment has played just a little part in that being the case .
green trees are surrounding a long grey sidewalk this shows the exterior of a large brick building with a tree out front . a tall brick building has the words `` [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] '' on it . hey library with stone structures on time and [organization] inside a library that gives people access to multiple books .
there was a marathon going on around the city today . these were the fliers that explained the marathon . this building was where the marathon was going to run past . you would also be able to see this lake on your marathon track . at the end of the race , you will be presented with an award .
the side walk of a suburban street lined with trees . a brick building with trees in front of it . an old building in the [organization] [organization] [organization] . the outside of the [organization] [organization] [organization] entrance glass entry doors leading into the [organization] [organization] [organization] .
the marathon was on a fall saturday . teams competed to raise money for different causes and the spectators could vote on the best presentation . the race started at the center of campus . one part of the marathon circled the campus lake . the winner of the charity drive was announced after the race was over .
a side walk beside a road , surrounded by trees . red brick school with large tree out front . a universities building has a flag on top of it . the front entrance to the [organization] [organization] [organization] . this was one awesome library . i could easily spend an entire day here .
the set list was filled with the bands extensive collection of hits all and all the acoustic performance was boss . when the girl started playing everyone was in awe the blue lights gave the stage a sense of coolness . the jam session was one of the best i have seen in a long time
the black and white image contains a piece of paper with a list of songs numbering 01-22 , and is held by the top and bottom of the sheet . the heading is the swell season - [location] 24/02/10 . a bearded man sings earnestly with acoustic guitar . a woman is playing guitar with a band on stage . musician sitting on piano bench looking at microphone man and woman playing the guitar with microphones in front .
i was waiting for the concert to begin . finally the first performer arrived . there were all kinds of performers tonight . they sang all kinds of songs . and even played songs with each other .
a list of songs from a band named the swell season . man on stage with guitar singing his heart out . the young woman performed with her acoustic guitar the singer is waiting for requests from the crowd , a man playing an acoustic guitar and a woman sitting in front of a microphone .
the musicians went over the set list before the concert started . the lead singed performed well during the first song . the rhythm section of the band played well . the lead singer stopped singing to address the crowd for a brief moment . the music resumed with a guitar solo .
this is a setlist for a band in [location] . a man playing a guitar is singing on the stage . a woman with long blonde hair and guitar sings in the foreground of two male guitar players . a man on stage is in the spotlight . two musicians that are playing on the stage .
they decided to spend the day up in the mountains . they stopped and admired the view of the snow capped peak of the mountain . they found an out of the way waterfall that was very active . out of the blue and in the middle of nowhere they ran into a small house . they found the perfect spot to sit and admire the beautiful scenery .
inside view of a cave looking outside into sunlight a large mountain with clouds on it in front of a field . a waterfall is running through a mountain . a building with a yellow walls and red roof and two windows . a group of four friends sit on the rocky beach and watch the icebergs float in the ocean .
we saw the early vestiges of sunlight from inside the cave , and it made us feel a little less forlorn . having to hunker down in the cave for the night , having lost our bearings on our way out last night , made us feel hopeless . but being able to see the beautiful mountains , what we had came here for , restored our spirits . we followed the river for some time , remembering that our house was downstream . and we found it ! it was n't very long at all . we had to bring the trip to a close soon , we had nearly missed the expedition home with the cave incident , but it made us feel that much closer as a group , as people ; as friends .
from inside the cave sunlight is at the opening . a tall snowy mountain is at the top of grassy fields the waterfalls is located between the two sets of rocks and the water is blue . a yellow shack with two windows and a roof . a group of people sitting on the rocks looking towards the glacier
the view of the mountains was the inspiration for the trip . as they got closer they started to see the wildlife . the cabin they rented was just on the other side of the lake . they arrived a found the cozy cabin waiting for them . after unpacking , the friends went out to enjoy the fresh , cold mountain air .
the light can be seen through the crack in the cave . beautiful clouds pass over a craggy , majestic mountain . a beautiful teal colored waterfall is hidden within a mountain range . the windows covered create a homely look against the rough look of the tin siding . four people who are dressed warmly watch the frozen lake with the mountain in the horizon .
i decided to go to the park with my friend . we walked on the slippery rocks . and enjoyed the views . but we had to make sure not to step on any glass ! we followed the train tracks home .
person with hands on shoulders with [location] shirt on in front of a stream a red leaf is in the grass along with other leaves . a person that is showcasing their feet on a rock . a bridge is displayed from the bottom of the river . a long rail road is cutting through the woods
[male] loved walking around his town 's wooded areas . since it was autumn the leaves were turning red and orange . putting his feet on the rocks helped connect him to the earth . the railroad company have a bridge over the river that he used to see as a kid . he wondered how far away from his hometown he could get if he just walked along the traintracks . he wanted to get far away .
a man wearing a blue shirt standing outside a multi colored leaf that has fallen to the ground laying on the grass . a person 's bare feet in a rock bedded creek an old metal bridge over a tranquil river a railroad track with no train on it and trees on the side
my friend and i took a short road trip this weekend to see the scenery . we found trees that had begun to change color and gorgeous leaves that had fallen . i waded into a shallow stream and perched on a rock . we saw a railroad bridge over a river . we decided to follow the railroad for a few minutes , but turned back .
college age male standing on shore of river . a red and orange leaf sits on the green grass . bare feet standing on stones in a shallow creek . a bridge is going across a big river . a lonesome railroad track runs between the trees .
i went to the art gallery last week . there were many pieces there . they were all very good . afterward we went to the bar . we got some food while we were there .
people are standing near a wall and looking at art . a brunette woman holds a balloon and concentrates on shaping it . the woman is tying off the end of a balloon . a man at a party looking at a party two people , both wearing glasses , having a conversation .
viewing the pictures of everybody work is the main attraction of this event [female] was on the committee of decorations tying every ballon into knot using her time sparely everybody enjoying the food and conversation the event is coming to an end and we are closing certain deals on some special pieces
a young woman staring at a piece of art at an art show the lady in picture is holding the long white baloon a woman with long hair ties the end of a pink balloon . a man that is eating something while looking at art a bespectacled man and a bespectacled woman are having a conversation .
having a party to show my art skills . gon na put up balloons and have some cupcakes . [female] everyone enjoys . here i am tying the last balloon what a busy day . hey , he said nice party . did you see her amazing photography , great work for a beginner .
a couple of people are looking at images on a wall . a woman with gray fingernail polish on is holding a white object in her hands a girl with long hair tying a balloon . a man eats and admires some of the art a man listening to a woman speak .
once upon a time , [male] went to a rally . he was surprised at how many people were there ! but he was also excited when he saw famous buildings and even famous monuments ! the rally was great , but at the end of the day , [male] had to get back on the bus and go home .
a close up shot of an identification sticker large group of adults march down city street during event . a large group of people are near the [location] [location] . it is important to vote and be politically aware of ones country policy making . a line of buses parked on behind the other on the street .
[male] is ready to visit all the sights in the location area . walking along the street with his friends adam makes his way to the sights . [male] finally arrives at his first landmark in dc . [male] takes pictures of the location monument . time to go home after a busy day in dc .
the man in the green snow jacket is wearing a name tag which identifies him as an american named [male] from [location] [location] [location] . lots of people walk on a downtown street . people are gathered for a special event in front of the white building . various people protest outside at the washington monument a crowd of people next to buses in the road .
[male] visited location mall to see the president speak . there was a large crowd of people . almost as far as the eye can see . there were even people from location there . there were tv screens to make it easier to view the president .
a man in a black coat is wearing a name tag sticker . a group of people that are walking on the street . a large group of people at a rally by the lincoln monument a cardboard cutout of a boy stands behind a crowd surrounding a monument . line of buses on city street with crowd of people walking away from camera .
the rain was no stop for their enjoyment . the smiles indicated the contentment in location . underneath the tower the people felt so very small . another man was busy documenting images . she enjoyed the tower so very much .
a man is walking in the city during a rainy day a person in a blue raincoat holding an umbrella . view of the underside of the eiffel tower on a gray day in [location] . this man is intent on taking pictures with his camera . a man under an umbrella in the rain on a bridge .
on a rainy day , someone spends their time visiting location ' location location and surrounding attractions . despite the weather , the opportunity to see such things still creates happiness . despite the rain , the base of the location location still has visitors . nearby , a photographer takes pictures of the scenery . contrary to what the weather might imply , it 's quite a happy and interesting day , for some .
a man walking with a flimsy umberella in the rain a person is smiling for the camera under a broken umbrella . under the [location] [location] on a wet overcast day . a person kneeling next to a stone wall taking a picture . a man is standing in front of the [location] [location] wearing a blue raincoat and holding an umbrella because it is raining .
a girl went for a walk . she was happy to run across the eiffel tower . it was big and beautiful . a guy asked her if she wanted her picture taken . she was happy to have the souvenir .
a lone walker trudges through the street , umbrella deployed . a lady in blue carrying an umbrella in the rain beneath the eiffel tower people go about their day . adult crouched on sidewalk outside of stone building structure taking photo . a person with a coat and umbrella poses outside the [location] [location] .
a large group of them arrived for the ceremony together . once inside split up to socialize . when it was time for the event to begin , they realized there was no way they could all share a table . so they split into two groups . the first speaker took the stage and the crowd became silent .
many people are gathered around posing for a picture while one man holds a certificate . three people in black and white holding wine glasses and smiling . people at a gathering pose for photographers together . a group of people sitting together at a convention . a man in a suit stands at a podium that says `` agency of the year '' .
i received my award and could n't believe the amount of support surrounding me . we took pictures after the award ceremony with our bestfriends throughout the entire time ! and of course there were the other trio of friends gathered next to us.. the guys and girls at the table were awesome and we loved spending time with them . and finally the final ceremony was wrapped up and he gave his speech so elegantly !
a group of people standing around a man holding a plaque . people wearing name tags and holding glass stemware smiling for a picture . three attendees at the conference pause from their conversation for a quick picture . a group of people that are sitting at the table . a small troll-like man stands at a podium during a corporate event .
we all got together for the award ceremony and had a great time . i got to see my old college friends for the first time in years . my parents and brother were also there for the big moment . it was nice to also have all of my aunts , uncles and cousins there . my uncle gave a great speech to end the night for the agency of the year .
a group of people getting a picture with an award winner a woman serving drinks to a large group of people two men in suits holding cups of wine . dressed up people are sitting around a large white table . an executive addresses a group at an award ceremony .
i love shopping in a location town setting . there are always so many bright things to catch your eye . these flowers are gorgeous . they way items are displayed are cheery . so many of the items are hand made . you have to get there early ; the sidewalks fill up quickly .
a large group of people are walking in the street crowd of people standing around a large red display . a young boy with a blue jacket has a sunflower on his head the different colored flowers are growing along the fence many people are seating in various tables and chairs in the plaza .
we hit a crowd on are way to the market . the crowd continued all the way to the entrance . once inside we saw some funny thing like this person and their flower mask . he did n't need the mask to sell this gorgeous flowers . we found a less crowded section to take a breather . lots of other weary shoppers at a similar idea .
lots of people walking down the middle of a city street . a crowd gathers in front of a large chinese structure . a man in a blue puff coat has put some kind of foam flower on his head . purple and white flowers held together with a yellow string . people sit and walk around a chinese market .
there was a big parade in location . a throng of people rushed through the gate . everyone was in a festive mood . there was a magnificent display of flowers . there was a lot to see in the auditorium .
a crosswalk outside a building is busy with many people . the area has a lot of people standing around looking man in blue coat with his face in yellow objects . the purple and white orchids with their red bows put on an extravagant show . indigenous folk eating around a urbanized center or plaza in [location] [location] .
we went to the carnival together , it was a lot of fun . many people were dressed up in costume and were having a good time . some people had crazy outfits , they were really entertaining . we also went on a few of the rides , they were really cool ! we ended our day with a visit to the beach , even though it was a big crowded .
the archway of a building that leads to an object at the top of the stairs . a large weird statue of a skeleton , bird and baby . a woman is looking up at a mural on the wall a tall building with sharp extensions reaching in to the sky an ancient boat sat within the museum on display .
on a recent trip out of the country , i viewed an ancient leader of a country enshrined in his burial vault . the ends of the vault were brilliantly hand card . on the other side of the vault was a small chapel where people can silently pray . then we went to a local museum where we explored ancient artifacts . among the ancient artifacts was a boat that was hand crafted and used to do island to island fishing .
a white stone structure on top of steps . a view of the statue that is in the middle of the hall . woman looking at religious display inside of brick church area . land brick building with spires on a sunny day . old smashed wooden built stored in a building
this church has old viking statues . this coffin was made by vikings 1000 years ago . the church still has services today . the old building was around 500 years old . this viking ship was in the basement museum of the church .
ancient looking casket at the top of the stairs a sculpture that has angels and a skull on it . this image is of a woman standing inside of a church . a tall church stands tall and proudly on a bright clear day old wooden boat on display in a small museum indoors .
we 're in the organization car on an adventure ... who knows what will happen . [male] is always up for finding fountains and sometimes he likes to swim in them . serge decided to soak his tired feet in the cool water . there were no fish , but he was hoping there would be some ... like those salons with the fish that eat your dead skin . back in the organization car we are . unfortunately , we saw a broken down car in the middle of the road ... we offered to call for help . but they 'd already called someone .
a car with a [location] [location] license plate that reads `` [organization] . '' a group of people gather together for an event . image of a short haired man with a red shirt on who is posing for the camera with shades on . man in yellow shirt sitting with legs in a pool and a wool cap , like a fool . pants rolled up above the knee sit above a pair of feet underwater .
after driving for a long time we finally made it to the water park . there was already a long line . we had a great time there . everybody got wet . the pools were very clean .
car as seen at night time with personalized license plate . people gathered within the gates of a parking lot a man standing in front of a large fountain with people in it a man is sitting with his feet in a swimming pool a man with rolled up pants standing in water that is deeper than his ankles .
my brother finally arrived at the park . we watched the game in the field for a bit before heading off . i thought it would be relaxing to sit by the fountain for awhile . my brother thought it would be relaxing to stick his feet inside . i suppose he likes the feel and look of the water .
a black car with the [location] [location] license plate , reading , `` [organization] '' . a group of individuals are gathered in a parking lot . a man with glasses smiling in front of a fountain . the man with the yellow shirt is soaking his feet in the pool . picture of feet soaked in knee length water as the jeans are rolled up
we love all the stained glass windows in our church every sunday we look at them and try to appreciate their beauty it is more than a 100 years old , but it still looks great we took a black and white to show how nice it looks from the outside too . we also wanted to make sure we captured the beautiful sky against the church 's facade
a beautiful stained glass area with beautiful , vibrant , popping colors . a few statues in front of a stained glass window . a stained glass window in front of a biblical scene . a shot of an old graveyard near a church a large brick building with a clear blue sky in the background .
today we did a tour of church 's this one had many beautiful stained glass windows here 's another photo of the windows the shape of this church is very unique here 's a photo of the other side
stained glass artwork on some windows in a church . an unusual scene near the altar in the church the window has so many different colors that sparkle black and white image of the outside of a brick building with large bushes around it . an old castle in a small town in [location] .
i went on a tour of famous stained glass windows at a very old church . the windows were really beautiful and colorful . the window behind the pulpit was very large and depicted scenes of christ 's birth . on my way back to my hotel , i walked through the cemetery of the church . i thought about everything i had seen that day and could n't wait to get back to look at my pictures .
a picture of a stained glass window in a church . a mural that is inside of a nearby , local church . a large stained glass window of a church . old headstones next to trees in church cemetery . an old church tower in front of a cemetery
we arrived at the village on the morning of the festival . it was still early , but people were already getting busy cooking and setting everything up . finally -- the delicious suckling pig we 'd all been looking forward to ! we loved seeing our old friends [female] and [male] . their grandkids were so cute ! everyone had a wonderful time .
a straw roof hut in between trees near a body of water . people touring a thatched roof and reed building a cooked pig is on on white and green tarp . a older couple is photographed at dinner . a child aims a gun towards the camera at a party .
the family reunion was held at a small reception hall by a lake . family from many different areas attended . there was over 100 people present . roasted pig was the main course and everyone enjoyed it . [male] and [female] made the trip from their home in location . young and old . man and woman . there is such a variety in the family and all are loved .
a body of water that surrounds the different areas of land . many people are walking outside near two grass roofed huts . a roasted pig is displayed before being carved for a meal . a man in a white shirt and a woman in a flower siting down for a meal . group of children having fun outdoors with a toy .
we approached the venue for the party . a large crowd of family had gathered . they 'd roasted a pig to feast on . the family members ate and talked and had a lot of fun . the younger party goers played outside and enjoyed the party as well !
the thatched house in the jungle overlooks the water . the people are gathered around the hut talking to each other . the pig smelled delicious but the face is really bothering me adults seated at dining table at indoor venue . two people are facing each other at a table covered with food and three children are in the foreground .
we took a mini boat to visit location today . the place looked very oriental . there were chinese words that were present that i definitely did not understand . there was also a sign that said there was no alcohol allowed . night time came , and location was lit in lights .
boats are floating on a body of water . a large entrance sign that is written in chinese . a ornately decorated oriental building on an overcast day . a white sign with black and red lettering warning `` alcohol free zone '' . several buildings are lit up at night along a street lined with parked cars .
this summer i took me a nice little vacation over seas . the architecture there was amazing . this arch here was one of the greatest things i 've ever seen . i had to take a picture of this to bring back home to my drinking buddies . the night life there is pretty exciting and the streets are lit up wonderfully .
the boat is in the harbor next to the dock . the large gateway welcomes visitors to [location] [location] . a wall is covered with assorted artwork and writing an alcohol free zone poster is being shown the lights are on in all the buildings .
the concert was full this evening . afterwards we left before the whole crowd started to come out . the next day we took the boat to town . there we saw the famous structure . we also saw a sign that showed how strict the town was on public behavior .
a boat parked beside a vast body of water it is a chinese building , like a wall , with beautiful colors and columns with lions . an asian style arch is painted with many colors and characters . a sign informs people that they are in an alcohol free zone , and if they 're caught drinking in public , they could be fined up to 500 pounds . dark street with cars down one side near buildings .
we arrived at the village for our family outing . we rented this room at the top of the stairs for the night . one of the highlights of the trip was playing along the ocean shore . we also had the opportunity to take a ferry ride across the water . the setting sun serves as a perfect backdrop to the placid waters .
a group of people that are gathered in the park . a group of people sit on the top step leading to the door of a building people standing on the beach by the ocean with the sun going down . the people are sitting on a small boat . a group of young boys are playing around on the beach .
they visited the temple to take in some local culture they visited the beach and enjoyed the beautiful sunset . the family took a boat to their favorite vacation spot . they played on the beach together . eventually it was time to return home .
some children are standing together under a tree . a small group of men sitting at the top of a staircase . a group of people that are looking into the distance . a group of young men are inside a boat with lifesavers stowed in the ceiling . the kids are playing at the beach at sunset .
it was such a pretty day outside . our home is my favorite place to relax . the beach is the next place i go . my family and i usually travel by bus . but we always end up together at the beach .
a group of people gather together around a large tree during the day . people sitting on the steps at the top looking down . a small group of people gathers on the beach as the sun sets . an image of people that are riding on a bus a sunset over a beach where a few people are gathered .
it was a great day for the family to go on a nature walk . we spotted this beautiful butterfly hovering over a branch . mom found some edible mushrooms near a tree . we spotted a fox nearby and was careful not to scare it . i love going walks with my family .
a gravel path winding through the woods . a black butterfly perches atop a pink flower in the forest . a female hiker navigates between jagged broken branches . a man that has on hand on a fallen tree . the tree was down and no one was there to hear it
despite it 's appearance , forested areas are quite a busy place . [female] and fauna live here , side by side . fallen trees can only hint at what kind of events took place . tree bark can even tell what kind of life a tree led . fallen trees often cover trails begging to be taken .
the trail led into the small backwoods location the large dark butterfly settles on the pink flowers in the middle of the woods . a woman in pink walks through the woods a woman is holding onto a tree in the woods . a log has fallen on the pathway in the forest .
[female] is going for a hike today . [female] runs into this fallen tree on her hike in the trail . [female] is exhausted from all the walking and decides to take a break . while resting she snaps a photo of a butterfly . after she is done hiking she heads to the table to have some lunch .
a view of a gravel trail in the woods with a wood building . unususual flower and butterfly seen in forested area . a woman near a fallen tree in a forest with shorts on . a woman dressed in colorful clothes in the woods leaning against a tree . a lone tree that fell in the woods .
today was the day . all the kids were day . so were their friends . there was something blue . and a quilt shop !
two children in red playing on full seat swings . a black and white picture of an empty ferris wheel . a person sitting in a bumper car driving around a pink stuffed toy shaped like a character from spongebob squarepants , hangs in a carnival pitching game tent . the white banner is in the middleof a flower garden
this was [female] 's first time getting on the rides at the carnival . she was so excited . i tried to get her to get on the ferris wheel , but she said that it was too high and maybe next time she will . the bumper cars are definitely my favorite amusement at the carnival . i ca n't seem to escape spongebob and [male] anywhere . they 're everywhere ! there were even gift shops at the carnival . i do n't know who would be looking for a quilt in this hot weather though .
two girls are enjoying a ride at the annual carnival . a ride spins high above the tree tops . group of children playing bumper cars together outdoors . the prizes at the booth include stuffed dolls from [location] [location] [location] . the quilt shop sign is next to the flowers .
me and some friends took a trip to the carnival today . here we are together deciding what to do first . i tried winning one of these guys but couldnt manage it . my friend won this blue whoopie cushion , dont know what shes planning to do with it . one of the booths made some quilts that we checked out before leaving for the day .
children swinging fast on an amusement swing ride . farris wheel with old fashion decoration behind a large tree kids are hitting each other with bumper cars and having fun . stuffed toys are on display at a carnival game booth . a sign for a quilt shop is on a hanger by some flowers .
the party was set to begin as the glasses sat on the table all the people gathered around the party they gave speeches about there golden days they even got interviewed about the party by the local media and showed off all of there life 's work
the table is set with drinks poured into stemware . many people are gathered at an event and are talking to each other . elderly man and woman talk on stage with upright piano behind . two elderly woman being interviewed by a man in black and white . two women showing off their prestigious awards they won .
the preparations for the event were just about complete . everyone was anxiously waiting for it to start . finally it opened and everybody could eat . there were some speakers during concession . everybody continued to mingle throughout the event .
one side of a table has red and white wine a crowd of people are gathered in a room together a man holding a mic and piece of paper in his hands doing a speech with a woman next to him . a man and woman being interviewed in front of a building . 2 ladies standing and holding a framed item
there was a special event held , with different types of wine available . the turnout was fantastic ! not only was there wine , but a ton of great food as well . the highlight of the event was the speech given by the oldest residents in town . after the speech , everyone mingled and had a great time .
wine tasting event with well dressed table presents two new wines . a large group of adults stand indoors for a gathering . a man speaks to the small crowd as the woman he is presenting waits patiently . two elderly women are interviewed by a guy in a vest . two woman holding framed awards next to each other .
we drove out to location to check out a house for sale . we toured the model , which was beautiful . it was very elegant . the marble fireplace was hugely impressive . the finished cellar would house my pool table collection nicely . however , the houses were pretty isolated in the middle of no-place . it 's a tough decisions .
open house for a large two-story home with garage , being visited by a woman and two men . a typical living room with a green and white theme . well kept and nicely decorated interior of room with television on wall . the people are standing around in a building that 's under construction . a grey car is on the side of a road in a rural area .
it was the day of the open house . the realtor hired a decorator to stage the house . every room looked lovely . the basement , she left to their imaginations . as she drove away , she felt sure she would get an offer by the time she got back to her office .
a realtor takes people in and out of a house to look around . vacant living room with well styled furniture around a television is on in a beautifully decorated room . a group of people are inspecting a renovated room . a man gives directions to a wayward driver
we visited one of the newly built homes and it had both advantages and faults . the living room was very well decorated with plenty of light coming through the over-sized windows . the nearby family room had a modern fireplace and tv alcove but the symmetry seemed off . and the basement was not completed . finally the neighboring lots are still empty creating a feeling of loneliness .
a group of individuals are looking at a model house . a living room decorated in green and brown is lit by natural light . a room with a large coffee table and a fireplace . an image of a woman that is walking with her purse the field over to the left is empty and ready for new houses to be built .
this coastal city had a lot of old buildings . the views from the rocks of the beach were epic . the city had such historic value that people would come to visit just to see the buildings . this old factory had been the bread and butter for workers in the late 19th century . the churches were ornate and made of stone .
a large building is made of brick with chimneys people walk the rocky shoreline of the beach while a thunderstorm forms in the distance . dark clouds are looming over the bridge and water . a black and white view of an old building . large religious stone sculpture in courtyard of building
this was the king 's palace , that we visited , when we took our trip to location . there 's a beach , near the castle , with lot of jagged rocks . one of the palaces we visited was near a lake . this is another ruin we visited during our vacation . this is a picture the statues , near the entrance to the palace .
this is an older building with many windows the beach with birds and rocks all over . view of a bridge over a river on a cloudy day tall stone tower stands next to old building in open area . meticulous sand sculpture of two angels with long wings , standing over a detailed window opening , and a person lying on the ground in front of it .
i took a trip through an old medieval town , and took pictures of an old castle . there was a bridge running over the small river that ran through the town . nearby was a very old cathedral that i absolutely loved . my friend gave me a guitar , which i brought with me to play at night . in the center of town was an art installation inspired by the decorations on the cathedral .
a large old building sits in black and white , a memory of days past . a group of people are walking along the beach . a bridge stretches over a large river ; trees dominate one side , and a city dominates the other . an old black and white photo depicts an building . a stone monument of two angels and man sleeping in centre
i had a great time at the banquet dinner tonight . all of my friends were there . we spent a lot of time dancing . it was very romantic . i hope i can go to another party there .
four people posing for a group picture together a couple stand in the middle of the floor kissing with people ringing them sitting at round tables . a man holding a microphone holds a piece of paper . a group of people in formal wear gather people are making their way down a lighted stairway .
the group was dressed and ready to go tot the wedding reception . the bride and groom went out on the floor for the first dance . during the reception , the best man roasted the groom . the party continued into the night . the attendees wanted the party to go on indefinitely but ultimately everyone had to leave .
group of 4 people posing for a family photo . a bride and groom kiss on a dance floor . a man with black blazer and hair with microphone . a group of people that are next to each other . three people dressed in black walking down a fancy staircase .
today was the day of my big sisters wedding ! the bride and groom made a cute couple . the best man made a speech that moved everyone to tears ... and laughter . the party afterwards was a big hit with the guests . it went late into the night .
a group of friends that are next to each other . a man and woman share a romantic kiss on the dance floor . a man is speaking from a paper with a microphone . a group of people celebrating at a wedding a long winding staircase with a few colorful lights in the background .
we took a trip to location this past week . we were able to see the famous soldiers with the furry black hats . unfortunately , it was raining . we saw many historical buildings . there was even a giant ferris wheel .
the city still has the original old stone arch walls in the middle . scottland yard in england and on of the infamous soldiers almost everyone had black umbrellas during the rainy day . a large ornate building looms over groups of people walking . the ferris wheel ride at the boardwalk is looking majestic under the overcast skies .
we went to go visit the location location in location . there were guards patrolling the building . there were also lots of tourists looking . the front of the building was amazing . afterward , we ended the day with a ferris wheel ride .
a white small building tunnel with people walking near by . an image of a guard in front of a building buckminster palace on a drizzly day with tourists milling about . tourists are lined up outside a huge castle . large ferris wheel over the water , with a boat in foreground .
the church was in the middle of town . the townspeople liked the old church . the church had a lot of history . you could see it from the ferris wheel . everyone in the town appreciated the history of the old church .
standing area with a line of red busses walking and guard the building with a gun . rain forces many to open umbrellas as they walk past [location] [location] . a large ancient ornate church building is a popular attraction . large ferris wheel that is placed next to the water .
i had a beautiful day on the beach yesterday with [male] . when we first left the parking lot , we could see seals in the distance on the beach . [male] caught this pic with his zoom lens . in order to get to the beach we had to go through a bit of woods . we saw these beautiful flowers growing wild . and this little animal ... though i 'm not sure what it is . leaves on the ground so close to the beach ... it 's kind of amazing the variety of vegetation in this area . when we got down on the sand ourselves , we saw people playing and scampering around on these huge boulders . really unique shapes . must 've been carved by the wind and water . further down the beach , rocks formed an arch and were draped with the vegetation we had seen earlier in the woods . it was a cool place to get out of the sun .
group of animals on an ocean beach performing various activities a large group of flowering shrubs in a field . a furry animal bends over while searching the ground in a forested area . several people facing a large rock and climber on the rock face . a group of individuals taking photos through a cave opening into the ocean .
the family was taking a tour of the city starting with the beach . next they went to the community garden . there was some little critters in it . next they went to the giant climbing rock . they found a great view of the water .
along a beach there are seals out of the water playing . multiple bushes with bunches of small red flowers in a park a wild animal looks though the ground beneath the trees . visitors looking at large boulder with young person climbing . three people looking out at the sea from inside a cave
on a family vacation , there was so much to see , including these seals on the beach . the flowering bushes and trees teemed with color . unfamiliar animals were spotted as well , including this little guy looking for food . the family saw some beautiful rock formations , and the young ones wanted to climb on the rocks . the whole family enjoyed looking into the water from a deck .
a beach where seals are gathered . two particular seals appear to be partners . hillside covered with bushes with orange and pink blossoms an animal sits on a forest floor covered in dead leaves a person is climbing on a large rock formation with different types of holes and designs in it and other people are watching . a group of people watch the ocean from a dock
the woods near my house are so pretty especially after the first snow fall its like a winter wonderland someday i would like to go up to the mountain there is an amazing castle i would go to
bare trees with snow covered open area nearby . a bunch very tall , snow covered trees stretching to the skies . the grounds and trees covered in the snow a small lighted village is at the base of a mountain near a lake and snow swept ground . the heavy ice caused the tree at the church to bend .
we decided to go for a drive . i liked how the ice stuck to the trees . this field was totally frozen over . the mountain in the distance looked very cold and foreboding . this was the wall in front of someone 's house . i liked this tree the best , looked like the perfect christmas tree !
a bunch of trees are sitting in the snow a forest stands in the background behind a field of snow . the snow and ice has coated the branches of the trees . snow is covering the field in front of the hills . a bare limbed tree stands behind a stone wall .
there was an ice storm last night and it made everything look beautiful . the woods by the lake looked like an enchanted forest . the ice on the branches twinkled in the sunlight like stars . looking out upon the valley , the mountain in the distance appeared to float in the air . the weeping willow by the cemetery looked as if it were alive . ice storms are dangerous but the aftermath is amazing .
a row of mostly bare trees stand at the edge of a field of snow . white snow on the trees and ground of the woods . the sun shines through a snow covered forest . a snowy landscape shot with a mountain in the background . the trees have a layer of snow and ice hanging on them
this is the first place we visited . there was a turtle hidden under there and surprised the kids . the boy was happy on the bridge . had to keep balance on the wood here . the family was relaxing at the end of the day .
tall skinny trees with little foliage in woods the sun reflecting off a small body of water . the woman smiled at the edge of the bridge a woman crosses a plank over a slow creek in the woods . the old couple is sitting on a park bench and they are both smiling and laughing .
i got lost in the woods last week . i followed a path and ended up in nowhere . i started taking pictures of all the trees . and even found mushrooms . there was a swamp so i turned back and finally found my way home .
the trees in the forest are dried and brown in color a picture of an underwater environment where a few plants can be seen . the woman is standing at the end of the footbridge . woman stands on board while crossing a stream . two older women are sitting on a picnic table .
a forest can be a magical place if you look hard enough . take a walk along a forest path to see what you can see . you might see a bright spot of green moss . or enjoy the reflection of light on some large fungus in fancy shapes . in a magical forest , you might even see a tree yawn !
a small forest of little trees and fallen leaves . a coral to the bottom of the water is shown . woman stands on wooden walkway in area of natural beauty . a woman stands on a plank above the dirty water two older women sitting on a bench in a park .
the party was a big hit . the entire family was there . everyone was chatting and having a great time . there was a lot of good food . i hope we have another family reunion soon .
a man smiling while looking at a birthday cake a room full of people are smiling the people are seated around a round dining table . two women and a small child eating together . a young woman wearing a beige shirt and large necklace is smiling .
it was [male] 's 70th birthday and everyone came to his party . his great granddaughter alina . even his sister 's family came . [male] 's brother brought his granddaughter sophi . [male] was so happy to see all of his sisters again in one place .
an older man smiles at a cake with a singular candle that is headed his way . an old man is holding the shoulders of a little girl in a purple sweater . people sitting at a table during an event two woman sitting down at a table eating with a toddler . woman sitting at a table with wine glasses and purple flowers .
we had our grandfather 's 75th birthday party yesterday . all of the family was there , even the newest member of the family , [male] . after everyone ate the cake and ice cream we got ready to give gifts . our grandfather received lots of gifts from everyone , including the grandchildren . all of us had a great time and our grandfather did too .
an old man looking at a layered cake with a single candle on it elderly man sitting with a little girl in a pink dress . people are seated around a large round table , some conversing and others paying attention to something on the other side of the room . two women and a toddler sit at a table . brunette enjoy herself as she wears a large necklace of beads and shells .
aedyns brithday at the arcade the candy bar was a hit aedyn trying to win enough tickets for a cool prize with dad aedyn awing at the indoor soccer field follow the rainbow road to happiness on your birthday aedyn cotton candy munching was delicious
the candy bar is stocked with a variety of sweets . three children at an arcade playing a video game a small child watches to athletes through the glass . a child walks down a construction paper path while holding a candycane . a child takes a bite of cotton candy .
while celebrating a birthday , i spot a candy bar full of candy on the table the three boys play a fun arcade game at the arcade the little boy watches a group of guys play indoor soccer . a boy and a girl walk along the colorful paper create paths . the boy receives cotton candy and happily eats it .
a display of a table with various candies and goodies . the kids are playing on a game at the arcade . a little boy looking through a window at a sports arena a child holding a large candy cane walking a colored path . a small child eating a lot of cotton candy .
everyone had fun at the fair . the kids played video games . this little guy loved to watch the athletes . there was a real life version of candyland . complete with pink cotton candy at the end !
a table is set up for a candy bar in a room kids playing an arcade game at the arcade a little boy is at the window looking out into a sports activity area . a child holding a candy cane standing on a purple square this little boy ate more cotton candy that day than anything
the most exciting part of our visit to comic con was the parade . there was a wide range of paraders , including chinese dragons . the dancers and performers were very extravagant . the queen of the parade got many of the men in the crowd fired up . it was a great start to comic con , and really set the mood for the wackiness that was to come .
the parade float is sporting a purple dragon . a few people in dragon costumes are parading through the street . person walking around holding decorated poles with blue and yellow . woman dressed in a costume made of flowers with a headdress of flowers that look like feathers . a person with a green face is near a drum and brightly dressed people .
my friends and i went to a parade last week . there were many interesting floats . there were also some weird floats . there was a band playing tribal music . the grand marshal was a woman on stilts that stood 20 feet tall !
purple dragon with 3 heads on display on a parade . a pair of people wear colorful and scary looking masks . a woman holding flags and wearing a grass skirt during a parade . she was definitely one of the star attractions of the parade a person with green shirt wearing a sweater and orange animal print shorts with bright orange hair .
going to the organization parade was a very interesting experience . there were all kinds of cool things to see . some people even waved beautiful flags . dancers were there as well . this was a very memorable experience .
a purple dragon is used as a decoration on the street . one yellow and one white chinese dragon , walking in a parade . a bunch of people dressed up and dancing in a parade . a sexy aztec priestess mans a float in the diversity parade in [location] [location] . a woman dressed in a costume during a parade
it was always exciting to get our weekly package of books in the mail . sometimes , it was favorites from young adulthood , such as little women . other times the children would get a whole bunch of paperback novels . the most useful were the learning books used for homeschooling . every once in a while a movie would be included .
a paperback book on a book stand next to a small pot . there is a book and gray circle vase sitting on the desk six assorted kids book from different authors displayed . this is a display of children 's books . ten books in all . the books are about the natural world , outdoors and mammals . eleven children 's books , six the magic school bus books , and 5 science books .
today , we set up the book fair . i put out this one to celebrate location day . the kid 's books were the most important . of course , we also needed educational ones . my favorite were the science books , even if they were for children .
a look at the book that someone was reading . a book called call of the loon on a table several popular children 's novels are displayed in this image . a selection of ten children 's books , including ones with environmentalist themes like `` the earth book '' and `` 31 ways to [organization] [organization] [organization] . '' collection of books including magic school bus and space
photos of one of my favorite books . this is a reminder of my trip abroad to location . this book was a great murder mystery . the best of all times . this set is my spy and mystery novels that got me through the 5th grade . this set were my best reads in the 6th grade . in the future i know they will be a collectors item . my science collection from the 7th grade . still in excellent condition .
an old book on a white metal stand next to a small grey craft a round vase is sitting on a table . a book names call of the loon is sitting behind the vase . 6 children 's books are pictured on a light blue surface . ten children 's books are arranged on a table . the books pictured are very educational and great for kids of all ages .
the town of mcdonough has not changed much since the day it was formed . the grocer is still in the same building as it was , although the house has changed . this is the town 's infamous christmas tree ; the decorating ceremony is an important town event . the whole community shows up . the town hall and post office are run from the same simple building . our modest town makes the church appear grand in comparison .
a sign on an a street filled with snow directing to `` mcdonough '' a stone slab stating the world 's largest longest lit christmas tree is located here . an old white general store with snow in the parking lot appears to have a van full of customers . this is an image of a town 's town hall building . snow is covering the ground in front of the church .
someone buys a new camera and decides to test it out on his town sign . then , he takes a picture of a memorial . after that , he takes one of his local corner store . then , a picture of town hall . then , he gets one of the church
city sign in winter sunlight near a highway . a sign made of stone stands in the snow to mark a record breaking tree . an old-fashioned general store has a dusting of snow out front . a perfectly square grey building with the sign [location] [location] [location] is the central feature of this picture . a white church with steeple during the winter
welcome to my hometown . allow me to show you around . i remember always coming down to this christmas tree every year and everyone in town would help decorate it . this is the general store . i used to come here after school every single day . i do n't even remember where i got the money from . waking up to go to church every sunday was always so annoying . that 's probably why i no longer go .
the sign for east mcdonough off of the [organization] [organization] [organization] . as tone monument for the oldest christmas tree , featuring dates on it . old fashion general store with a dusting of snow the outside of a single building by the street . a white church in a peaceful setting with tree shadows reflecting on it
they told me it was my day , they were taking me out for a good time and that i deserved it . there is nothing like good friends/family , carnival style food and good entertainment to really lift a girl 's spirits . i love animals and they knew i would just love the dog frisbee competition as part of the entertainment for the day . i thought they might have forgotten but they really surprised me when we got home with a birthday cake just for me but of course i will share it . this really was my day and i am so lucky to have such special family and friends to spend time with that would surprise me with this cake which is just so pretty to me that i had to take a good picture of it for my scrap book so i never forget it .
a playing field with plenty of spectators and a man throwing a frisbee for a canine . two asian woman taking a picture with a famous daves pig . a crowd of customers waiting to get some funnel cakes and fruti smoothes as a outdoor food stand . a smiling girl offers up her carnival food to someone . a small group of young women eating outside .
it was my birthday and my friends took me to the county fair . lots of great food there . i happen to love funnel cakes . they had an exhibition of a dog playing with a frisbee . the dog was better than me at catching . when we got home there was another surprise . they had a happy birthday cake . the cake was vanilla and chocolate with oreo cookies . i 'm a lucky girl !
a view of a dog running in a field close to a man , with tents and speculators on the side lines . two women are posing with a person in a pig costume . a sign is advertising funnel cakes and fruit smoothies a woman holds a huge plate of wings at a fair . a gathering at the park for fun and festivities .
the girls took a trip this weekend to the fair . they met a met a friendly porker while there . he convinced them to buy some funnel cakes . they did not hesitate , and there were plenty to go around . everyone agreed that the funnel cakes were a highlight of the experience .
the american flag is flying proudly over the scene . two women with glasses that are standing next to the pig . a group of girls that are getting funnel cakes . an asian woman holding out a plate of food . people in a park at an event . four women in foreground , two eating something from paper plate .
we decided to visit the old train station with a organization wheel . there was no one else there . the tracks were all empty except for one train by itself . we saw the ferris wheel in the back . there was no one on it . we decided to leave because it was getting creepy .
the sign has a train traveling on tracks painted on it . a vacant scene with train yard in the night an empty train station with a train and bright lights around . a low angle view of a ferris wheel . lights are on a train yard at night with snow on the ground .
its the evening , and i`m passing an advertisement for a train . this looks like a real train town . there are trains everywhere ready to go . i am passing a carnival ferris wheel , they are so much fun . in the morning when the trains are running , i will take a ride through the town .
a sign that depicts the train in transit . railways feed into a station on a snowy night . bright lights shine on a train at night . a ferris wheel is set up in the snow the train is on the tracks with it 's headlight on .
its a quiet winters night in a small town and the local ghost hunters are checking out a train museum . the photographer of the group takes a picture of the quiet snowy night . next they move over to the train cars to investigate stories of shadows seen in the windows . while in the train car they see a movement in the abandoned amusement park next door . before they leave to go investigate the amusement park they take a final picture of strange lights in the train yard .
a billboard shows a train scene and lists cities across the top . the snowy railroad looks serene at night . train at a station at night with snow on the ground . an old abandoned gondola style ferris wheel overgrown by trees and shrubs . the rail roads at night when nobody is there .
last year was [male] 's first christmas in his new house . he got so many presents he did n't know what to play with . he was grateful for his blessings and all his gifts . he realized that the gifts were just things . the most important thing blessing was being with his family .
a decorated christmas tree is full of gifts underneath . a toy [organization] truck is still in the box and sits in the floor with other gifts . a black dog is laying with its chin down on the floor . stuffed animals and card inside holiday stocking on couch . a kid is on his knees gripping to the sides of this ice rink .
i had a great christmas this year . mom and location made sure i woke up to what seemed to me , the most perfect tree ! as i came running down the stairs i could see my stocking had fallen from it 's spot i had taped it to on our fake mantle and gotten filled with many special goodies . almost all of the toys i had on my list now lie underneath our stupendous tree . my dog buster did not seem to care and was quite bored by the whole scene . so , what else could i do but put him to work and have him give me office chair rides on the patio ice ? now how to get him to agree and not have to drop my hockey stick is another thing altogether .
a skimpy christmas tree sits in the corner of a rose colored room . a firetruck toy in the box in front of a stack of wrapped gifts . a black dog laying on a purple rug . a christmas stocking full of different types of items . the little boy on skates is on his knees .
our christmas tree ... .a little like the [male] brown tree . location knows every little boy loves fire trucks . do n't know why , but sparky does n't seem quite as excited as the rest of us . all the stockings were stuffed to the brim . outside we prepared for our annual chair hockey event .
a small christmas tree in the corner of a room . a brand new [organization] truck given for christmas . a black dog laying on some gray carpet . a stocking for a young child has a stuffed snowman and a children 's book inside . a small child is playing on the ground in the ice .
we drove up the driveway towards the english manor , our new summer home . the manor is a big tan house with a white picket fence . we were met outside by my uncle [male] and his husband [male] . we went inside for refreshing drinks , and talked the night away . but the whole time , we had no clue that there were two peacocks on the roof , eavesdropping on every word .
a muddy road with leaves on the ground beside it a large house has a gravel walkway and white fence two men standing together taking a picture one with a camera around his neck man sitting in a restaurant with four drinks scattered around the table two peacocks are perched on a mossy roof top
my friends loved to have get togethers on the weekend . my uncle lived in a great house in a great little village . my father met us there frequently as well . my brother had already been at the pub and ordered us all drinks . before i stepped in i found these beautiful birds on the roof .
trees line the side of a water soaked walking path the house features a traditional white picket fence . two friends vacation in the forest taking pictures of the adventure . a solemn looking man has his hands crossed in the table . two birds that are on top of the roof .
we drove through the village to get to the historic inn . the roads outside the village were quiet , green , and damp . eventually we saw a mossy gate and knew we were there . the inn rose majestically behind a big lawn . once we got inside , we settled in for a well-deserved beer .
a lonely country lane surrounded by dense foliage . a large two story house has a white gate the two men take a picture together outside by the tree . a man in a casual suit sitting at a table with three drinks . two peacocks standing on the moss covered roof of a building .
my brother and i pose for my birthday party . check out those eyes ! always game for fun , we tease my big brother . still in the spirit , it 's now time to unwrap the mound of presents . this cake is cool , simple and looking delicious . the cake is lit up like a forest fire . this will be a challenge to blow the candles out in one try .
standing in a hallway , an older man has his arms around a younger man who has his eyes open very wide . a man blowing a party item at another man 's nose while others are being blown into his ear . a young man sitting down at a table full of gifts , blowing on a party favor . a round birthday cake to celebrate [male] 's birthday man in a red plaid flannel shirt about to blow out birthday candles
so he decided to try using the horn . that did n't work either . [male] tried to blow them out , but it did n't work . so the candles were lit . he thought it would be best to let someone else blow out the candles while he opened his gifts he had a big pile of gifts to open up .
a man in plaid stands next to an older man in black . a male jokingly has his eye poked by another male & # 39 ; s party favor . a man is playing a party blower at a wood table a birthday cake sitting on a table with a picture just above it . a man lights the candles on a cake for a birthday
[male] and his father got together to celebrate [male] 's birthday . they joked around for the camera . then it was time to open presents . [male] 's cake looked delicious . he made a wish and got ready to blow out the candles .
two men in a hallway are getting their pictures taken . a guy that is getting poked in his eye a young man is sitting at a table piled high with birthday gifts . he has a green blowout in his mouth and is opening the gifts . behind him on the wall are photos of his family , his wife and son , who are not with him . a happy birthday cake with green , white and chocolate icing . one man sits at the table while another lights the candles on the cake .
my first plane ride and i had to pick a small plane . the pilot tells me it is very safe but i 'm not convinced . we are ready for take off and all i can do is shut my eyes . [male] finally got me to open my eyes and the view was amazing . the flight turned out fine but i was so happy to get my feet back on solid ground .
a woman seated inside on a bright , sunny day . a man with sunglasses that is looking at the camera . two pilots are sitting in the cockpit of the plane . a look outside of an airplane , look at the mountains . the man is hugging the two ladies near the plane .
i arrived at the airport and i am feeling so excited ! here we are with the pilot before we get in the plane for our trip . looking out towards our destination as we are flying . after arriving at the lake we look around at the scene . my new husband and i are relaxing on the boat .
the lady is smiling with joy and relaxing during the ride the pilot looked back while flying the plane two men are piloting a plane and they have a view of a city beneath them a river bank with lots of trees can be seen from the airplane window . three people posing for a photo on a mostly cloudy day at an airport .
[female] was so excited to get her first private airplane ride . the pilot looked ready for takeoff . once we were in the air , the view of the landscape was breathtaking . we flew over the coastal waters on final approach . we all gathered around for a picture after the plane ride .
a woman wearing sunglasses sits in the front seat of a car . a middle aged pilot flying a plane getting his picture taken . two people inside of an aircraft in the sky . the wing of the plane can be seen from inside the cockpit of a plane flying over water . two women pose with a man in the middle on a small airport landing strip in front of two planes .
as the sun began to set , the gathering crowd knew fireworks were on their way . the first burst came with red explosions . the next burst was yellow . soon after came a green and blue batch . the finale presented numerous explosions blasting in coordinated succession .
rose colored clouds loom over the still water fireworks are lighting up the night time sky fireworks are exploding in the air and shining off a body of water . fireworks go off at night over a body of water multiple fireworks bursts going off at one time in blue and white .
the kids are impatiently waiting for it to get dark so we can watch fireworks . finally ! watching from across the lake makes them look even better . this one looks like it belongs in the yard . the kids are oohhing and awwing over every single one . the finale was neat . they lit off a bunch at one time lighting up the entire lake .
the clouds are making a pretty formation as the sun sets . fireworks are exploding over the river with a reflection fireworks exploding in the night sky over a body of water . a fire works show going off at night over the ocean . a group of fireworks is displayed in the picture .
i could n't wait for the sun to go down so we could watch the fireworks show . once the sun went down the show started . i was amazed at how beautiful it looked across the water . i did n't want it to end . but when the end came i was astonished .
pink clouds are swirling over a lake with people fishing from the shore . fireworks are set off into the sky next to the water colorful fireworks display at night over the water blue fireworks are erupting over water at night the fireworks that are going off are blue and orange .
what sort of magic is this ? yummy , yum yum . how many does this one make ? diet , we do n't need no stinking diet . ca n't move , ate too much .
a fair food booth with a sign advertising deep fried [female] bars . a young female holding a piece of food up to her mouth a man with glasses eating a pastry at some sort of outdoor event . a woman eating food during an outdoor event man and woman sitting in park of grass
our cat simba was a little upset he could not go to the fair with us . w got there early and changed our kid in the back . this was the sign that really let us know we were there . my wife trying something fried , still not sure what it was . my brother got some kind of fried treat and really enjoyed it .
a stand during a fair that sells deep-fried candy bars . a woman eating food at a carnival midway during the day . a man in a green shirt eating at a fair . a fair skinned woman eating food in front of a small crowd a few people are enjoying a picnic in the park .
the cat was playful on the carpet . the couple were tail gating before the game . the deep fried candy bars stand . the lady was munching on a corn dog . the man was in love with the deep fried dessert .
a stand is selling deep fried candy bars and twinkies . a young blonde woman at a festival holds a pretzel bite to her mouth . a man with a green shirt and glasses eating a doughnut at a fair . a woman eating food off of a stick in a crowd a couple sits on the grass with food and drink to talk to friends .
we always like to watch the local road race , even in the rain . it 's fun to see how whole families race , even little kids . this guy brought his umbrella along to try to stay dry ! the winners all got flowers . the grand prize winner also got a trophy .
a picture of runners in a marathon , taken through the branches of a tree . a young man is running in a race , while holding a small boy on his shoulders . a woman and her kids are walking in the parade a man with numbers on his chest is holding an umbrella near runners on a street . three younger men holding awards , gifts and wearing medals .
the race underway . some runners ran with their children . some even in strollers . others with umbrellas . the winners of the event .
people running down a street in a race that are blocked by a tree . a group of people that are running on the street . the participants push on despite the cold wet weather up a hill , including a woman with a baby buggy and two young girls . man with a yellow umbrella participating in a run/walk event three men standing side by side and holding trophies
people are running for the race . the man is carrying his child on shoulder and running in the race . the grandpa is running with his grandchilds in the race . the man is holding umbrella and running in the race . first 3 finalists got the awards .
runners head down the street on a cool fall day . run for a cause the father and the son is enjoying a woman with two kids pushing a stroller in front of a bunch of marathon runners . a man in a race carrying a yellow umbrella . olympic medal ceremony being held all three medalist
a day at the beach , a man and his 3 friends . the waffles got a little burnt , in the new waffle pan . the man skipped stones into the lake . the sign said closed for ecological recovery . wading in the water looking for crawdads .
three young women stand alongside a body of water , none appear to be looking at the camera . a waffle press that makes them in the shape of hearts . a person getting read to throw a large rock into the water . a man in brown long sleeve shirt and scarf stands next to a sign on a trail . three people dressed in fall clothing dipping their feet in a stream
some friends decided to take a trip to the water . there were three girls in the group . they walked along the edge of the water . they looked at objects and tried to find things in the water . they picked up small objects they found .
three girls standing next to a huge body of water . several heart shaped waffles being made at the same time . the young boy is dressd in gret sweater and gray pants a man in a stripped short with knee highs on a path a few people are walking near each other at a beach .
another great field trip to the beach . the students were n't super excited at first , but we knew they would be soon . walking carefully into the tide pools , watching for sharp shells or living creatures . one student found something just under the surface . observing more carefully to find out exactly what 's hiding under the sand .
a woman and two young people are in front of a lake and a fourth person is holding something . a waffle pan with cooking waffles in the shape of heart a man is standing in front of the ocean on a ledge . a man looks over the overgrown grass in the yard three people walk gingerly through the rocky beach in bare feet toward the water .
my relatives decided to visit from out of state . our first stop was the local pond . we enjoyed a few drinks by the lake and so did some of the critters ! after , we walked around downtown . we enjoyed a lunch at the local cafe .
two people standing together in the sand at a park still waters surrounded by vivid green trees . a dead animal on the beach that seems to be holding a beer can to make it look like it is drunk . two people pose in front a cleverly painted building . a group of people sitting around a dining room table .
a husband and wife look out at the horizon and see a body of water . they go for a walk and get closer to the lake that they saw in the distance . a sick individual had placed a beer can in the hands of a dead animal . the couple makes their way to a local restaurant . they meet their friends at the restaurant and have a great dinner .
adult couple standing near grassy path in natural outdoor setting . a reflection of trees in a large body of water . armadillo laying in the sand with a beer can over its head . a couple stands in front of a brick building . family taking a picture at the dinner table .
eating lunch with his parents . taking a picture with mom . parents opening their gifts . family arriving at the beach . watching the sunset together .
a middle-aged tourist couple stands on a dirt path looking around for sights . a calm lake surrounded by trees on the bank . the armadillo finally passes out on the beach after an alcoholic binge . a couple is standing in front of a store that they probably own . a family of four is sitting down for a meal .
we were taken out for food and drinks by our friends and i should have known by the way they were acting that something was up . drinks started to flow and things got a bit strange with the the food but it was all in good fun and we had a lot of fun . they even made us wear these costume hats to be king and queen for the evening which i never saw coming . i still do n't remember doing this with the tiara but i was having fun it looks like from the big beer drinkers smile on my face . a couple that are our best friends even got in on the action and i am glad i was not the only one with the tiara on in a picture which i never will let him forget . ( let the good times roll ! )
people are sitting at a long table in front of empty plates . a man and woman wear their respective crowns for the camera a man with small beard and mustache wearing something on his finger an image of white plate with food half eaten a woman gazes at her husband with the red beard , while he drinks a beer .
we hung out with some friends . the king and queen of the event were very happy . there was some silliness . there was also food . and of course , there was beer .
a group of people that are next to the table . three people at a table drinking together wine a man with something on his finger holding it near his face . left over bowl of food on top of other miscellaneous dishes . man and woman on couch laughing while drinking
our friends always gather to celbrate organization organization . this year [male] and barbie were king and queen . [male] always tries to gross us out . he made a disgusting-looking dip that was being devoured by town dinosaurs . in the end , it 's all about good friends hanging out together .
people smile as they sit at a table at a restaurant . last year anniversary at a local restaurant it was so much fun . a man sits at a table with some unidentifiable brown object on his finger . several toy dinosaurs are sitting on a partially eaten meal . the man is laughing and the lady is looking at him smiling .
i went on a hike yesterday . there was a lot of garbage in the woods . there were some strange rock formations that i explored . i had a great time there . it was a long walk back to the car .
a man in a beige hat and jacket stand at the top of a small peak . a couple standing next to a stone structure with a tree on top old man hiking down a narrow path near a rocky outcropping the tree has a hole like part on it . a single house is among many rows of dark trees .
today we went searching for the best view in the park . on the way we found some ancient ruins . aswell as an ancient ritual site of some sort . finally we found a suitable tree to climb . the view was amazing . we set up a hammock and enjoyed the rest of the day swinging above the park .
close-up view of a man with a mountain backdrop . the people are facing a rock wall covered with moss . a nature scene with two people walking in it . large tree with wear from nature and insects seen in sparse wooded area . looking out from a window at a beautiful sky
today was a great day for a hike . we stumbled by this cave . looks like it 's a door made especially for us ! the area is really beautiful . lots of variation . if i did n't grow up so near nature , i 'd think this tree was alien . glad i did grow up here though . so amazing to just look at .
a man standing by the mountain with a hat on . two people walk closer to a moss covered wall of stone the man is walking through the wooded area and rocks a tree trunk has a hole in it . view of a town and a field with mountains in the background .
grandpa did some adjustments on ours bikes before we headed out on our long bike ride . we went all around the countryside stopping many times to enjoy the scenery . we enjoyed the riverside trail . once my bike got caught up in some tree branches we knew it was time to head back . grandpa was waiting for our return , he made us a nice dinner .
two girls in green jackets with their bicycles a small ship cuts through a narrow waterway expelling steam . people that are about to jump into a canal wearing bicycle helmets the old church is still on the corner of town . a man dressed in green standing in front of a pub
the vacation we went on last year was so much fun . we took a ride in an actual steamboat down the canal . after that we biked the rest of the way down the trail . when we got back to town we decided to get some food . we stopped by a restaurant to eat .
an older man kneels near two children with bicycles . a baot is floating down the river on a nice day outside . two young girls stop on their bikes to admire the river . an approaching storm threatens to damage the bicycle trio parked outside the inn . an old man in a green sweater stand in the grass .
the father with his two daughters decided to have a day out together . they saw a boat riding across the river . the girls decided to wave to them ! they even saw this old styled building on their little trip . the daughter decided to take a picture of his father for memory .
an older gentleman checking the bicycles of two young riders a boat with steam coming off the top is going down a canal . some kids are playing at a pond by the road . bicycles parked in front of a brick wall in front of a white building man standing in front of an old-fashioned building with benches and tables outside
i went for a walk . i saw this cool building . what the heck kind of chairs are those ? this area is a dump . at least there some nice buildings .
a painted outside wall of a home surrounded by a barbed fence . the abandoned building are for sale but the area is rough an artful painting of a smoking man and children a building is painted with a beautiful mural of a man . a view of a bunch of buildings on a busy street .
location location is a beautiful city . our family grew up here and it is a piece of my family 's heritage . the city speaks to me and the nearby buildings are filled with energy . location location is the city that never sleeps . we were n't very rich growing up , but our family came first . we were always happy as long as we had our family . the streets of location location will always be a place i remember in my heart for the rest of my life . i 've gone up in life but i never forget where i 'm from in the streets of location location location .
the mural is painted on the wall behind the chain link fence . dilapidated buildings in an urban area under a cloudy sky . a large mural depicting several people has been painted on the wall . a mural is painted on a building with a tall black man , hands upraised . a very dense city that is n't too crowded .
i had a great time walking yesterday . i saw a lot of old run down buildings . the artwork was very beautiful . there was a lot of creative projects . afterward i went to grab something to eat at a restaurant .
a building behind a fence that is painted on run-down and abandon red brick buildings on quiet street . a detailed mural depicting a woman release cigarette smoke next to her daughter and grandchildren stands on display . it must have tool a lot of work to paint this extra large mural on the building . people are walking and driving through downtown in a city
`` hey [male] ! '' `` hey [male] ! '' `` i 'm you ex-girlfriend 's new boyfriend . '' `` but i do n't have an ex ... '' `` this is why we ca n't have nice things . ''
friends and family enjoying their time at dinner . two women embrace each other for a photo the man and woman are hugging at the party . a man sitting in a booth is smiling . he was so happy at the surprise party for him
friends out celebrating . two friends pose together . a happy couple on the dance floor . a full face shot of a friend . the man is very happy to have his picture taken .
group of people gathered around a dining room table in restaurant . two women enjoying a happy evening with friends . a woman wearing a tank top hugging a man a man smiling for the camera , in a dark , bar like room . man showing big smile and elation for photo .
the restaurant was very busy . a lot of friends had showed up for the party . there were a lot of pictures taken . some of them were normal . other pictures were meant to be funny .
a large gathering of people at a restaurant table . a woman in a white shirt has her arm around the shoulder of a woman in purple . a man that is hugging a girl in green . a dark haired caucasian man smiling in front of mirrored wall a guy that is smiling weirdly at the camera
we decided to drive to the beach . from the car we could see hills of green pasture . finally we reached a cliff . we could see views of the beach on either side . we decided to walk down to the beach to wade in the water .
man and lady driving in a car sitting close to each other . a view of the sea with some vegetation to the right and a clear sky with some clouds to the left . an empty beach stretches into the distance while waves crash on the shore and small puffs of cloud float overhead . mountains are seen in the distance of the ocean the waves are coming in to the stony beach .
we all got together and hit the road . we saw a nice beach and decided to explore it . we started walking up from one end . and finished off at the other side . we took one last look and headed back to the car .
the view from the back seat of a taxi driving down a street in a suburban area a view that is overlooking the waters of the ocean . a beautiful , clear , long , empty beach during the day time . this picture is of an ocean , beach , and mountain . a small inland beach with choppy waves rolling ashore .
this is a picture of a car interior . this is a picture of a beach . this is a picture of a shore . this is a picture of the water . this is a picture of a blue sky .
passengers on a vehicle driving on the left side of the road clouds soaring in the sky over a calm ocean . a long stretch of sandy beach with waves rolling in for some reason the water looked really dirty from this beach under blue skies , ocean waves peacefully come to shore .
the accident really damaged the front of the car . the license plate fell off of one car and the other car 's fender was dented . we all stood outside to exchange insurance information . we decided to take a picture of the accident for insurance purposes . two police officers came by and asked us questions about the accident .
a neighborhood vendor bender shows at least a two car accident involving a telephone pole . minor fender bender between two cars with one being a [organization] from [location] . a group of people talk to a man in a car a busted up front fender of a car . two police officer standing near the passenger side of a vehicle .
this is my car . it was in an accident . i was not happy . my car was messed up . it was going to be expensive .
a car wreck with a truck by a pole . the damaged headlights of two cars in full view the people are standing between the parked cars on the street . a close-up view of two cars with accident damage . two police officers are entering the passenger side of their vehicle .
so many crazies on the road today . i saw someone just lose control of their suv on the street . they crashed into a light pole , and into another car . the damage was minimal , but still what is going on with people on the road . when the cops showed up to asses the damage it was the end of it all . everything got moved out of the way .
auto accident on suburban street in broad daylight . two cars got into a fender bender near a wood pole the people are outside their vehicles looking at the damage a car accident in which a silver car hits a blue car police officers standing outside of a car
the fog is magical above the tmountain peaks . the three friends pose together in the wilderness . the tree makes it home in the rock . in such a high altitude it 's common to see the clouds at head level . the three friends pose again .
trees in front of a huge mountain three men standing in front of a rail the plants are growing from underneath the rocks . clouds cover the sky in a beautiful mountain landscape covered in snow . the men are taking a break from hiking and sitting on the rock .
getting out into the great outdoors is fun . and it 's even more fun with friends to go along with you . we were going to do some hiking , but we were a little daunted by these sheer inclines . but with a little determination , we made it to the top . and then we got the satisfaction of making it up the mountains , and doing it with friends .
white-capped mountains loom in the background behind tall trees . three men posing together against the backdrop of the trees . a rockface with shrubs , mold and small vegetation the top of a hill covered in some snow and a very cloudy sky three men are lounging in casual clothing on rocks in a woodland setting .
it was a breathtaking day in the mountains . it was the kind of day [male] , [male] and [male] , three brothers from a close knit family , really enjoyed . every now and then , they took a break from their busy lives to commune with nature . on perfect days like this , it was especially rewarding . it always brought them closer , and reminded them how important it was to stay close to one 's family members .
a large mountain is visible above the tree line . three men standing together smiling for the camera the green tree is grown in the midll of the rocky field a large mountain that is snow covered and a blue sky with clouds behind it . three men relaxing on a rocky ledge during a hiking trip in the mountains .
a hurricane struck the town . it damaged the houses and telephone poles . even a boat laid on the yard of a house . cars were on top of each other . lastly , this was the best depiction of what a hurricane can do .
an old house painted with graffiti sits on a vacant lot . a unbuilt house is being worked on by construction workers . a boat is sitting next to a house a silver car is on top of a silver truck with a red car in front . photo from a distance of demolished houses and properties
the house is empty and abandoned needs a lot of attention to this house also the yard needs work but after all the house can be repaired and look different and brought back to life
graffiti is written on the front of an abandoned house . a pile of wood is sitting in front of a house . after the storm hit years ago the boat ended up here and they left it a wrecked car is piled on top of a wrecked truck . a wrecked house and other trash after a disaster .
our home , after we cleaned the all the debris up . this is my neighbor 's home and what it looked like after the tornado . they were lucky . this boat had to be tossed over twenty miles to land here . that 's my friend 's car that 's sitting on top of my truck ! we were hit hard , but just down the street , our neighbors lost everything .
an abandoned house with door and window open and spray painted numbers on the wall . the house next to it does not have a roof . a bunch of wood is in front of a house . an old boat , on land , tilting to one side , with debris in the foreground . a car is in the back of a pickup truck 's bed a house reduced to rubble in a broken down poor neighborhood .
4 eggs painted in vibrant colors . two people compare their decorated eggs . one kid holds up his egg in amazement . eye can see you , says the egg . a crazy egg design that will make an awesome paint .
two hands with fingers each holding multi colored eggs . a person holding an egg painted with many arrows . an easter egg is died pink and purple and decorated with an abstract design . a unique looking artistic egg being held by the artist . four beautifully designed eggs in time for easter .
it was the start to the annual easter egg decorating contest . one person entered in these two colorful creations . this was a favorite amongst the judges . a true artistic expression . the all seeing eye design captivated us . finally , the winner . everyone loved this one because of how many ways it could be interpreted .
colorfully decorated eggs sitting on top of blue cloth . the egg has a bunch of arrows on it and says 'this way ' a close up of a hand holding a colorful painted egg . a hand decorated easter egg covered with a variety of eyes . several eggs are painted multiple colors on a table
on easter sunday we decided to decorate some eggs we had yellow ones pink and purple ones and some even had eyeballs . all together i think they were a great looking group of eggs . ca n't wait to hide them with the easter bunny
two hands are holding colorful dyed eggs over a tablecloth . an egg says this way and has arrows pointing toward the hand a hand holds an egg dyed pink and purple . a hand painted egg is shown in sitting on a background . four decorated easter eggs sit on the table .
it 's christmas time and the stockings are up . we have received a lot of cards from family and friends mom is watching tv after cooking a lot of food and hosting a party . she does not want to deal with the pile of dishes . after everyone has left , the little girl plays tea party by herself .
a set of socks that have gifts inside of them . christmas cards are at the base of a ruined building . a large number of different foods sit on a table piles of dirty dishes and various cooking tools . a little girl is having a tea party .
this little girl decided that she wanted to have a tea party . she set up her tea set for some friends to join her . she poured the tea into the teacups . the little girl was sad that she had no friends at her tea party . but having pictures of her friends on the computer screen made her feel not quite alone .
the fireplace has stockings hanging on it and pictures on the mantle . an art display of postcards against a colosseum . a table inside a home is adorned with massive amounts of buffet style food for guests . a bunch of plates are stacked in a kitchen a young girl plays with a tea set by herself .
all the stockings had been hung up by the chimney . the christmas cards were nearby complimenting the stockings . food was sprawled across the table ready for everyone to gobble on . everyone was done eating and all of a sudden the kitchen was really dirty . little [female] was nearby not having a care in the world playing with her teacup set .
a fireplace is hung with christmas stockings in a cluttered living room . lots of postcards and season greetings in front of the coliseum in roma the table is full of food and has glasses and bottles on it clutter dishes that are dirty ready to be washed a young child pours some tea from a teapot .
as a japanese exchange student i 'm asked quite often about what i find different . actually , we are quite the same . we have our version of fast-food restaurants . we also have our traditional restaurants and markets . miso soup ! our steaming hot fast-food eaten rapidly with ohashi ( chop sticks ) . my car . see , we are quite similar to you . : )
a decorated blue lighted tree , in front of a shopping center . an array of asian food in a box with the pictures on the outside . a food dish in a black bowl with corn is shown . hand holding small strawberry soft serve ice cream cone a green car at a gas station in china .
after the long hours on the road , we needed gas and something to eat so we pulled into this brightly lit service station . the menu options for meal were almost overwhelming . i decided to order the chicken soup with rice noodles . for dessert and ice cream cone was very refreshing . we nearly forgot the gas after that delicious meal .
a sidewalk and buildings behind a tree lit with purple lights . a chinese menu with assorted meals to purchase . soup topped with cheese is in a black bowl . nothing is better than soft serve ice cream in a cone cars at the gas station getting gas and ready to go .
here we are at the location restaurant with the famous purple passion tree . i love looking at all the good tasting food on the menu . here is my favorite dish the won ton soup . a meal is not complete without ice cream . want to make sure we do n't run out of gas on the way home .
a sidewalk at night featuring a tree covered in blue lights . a chart of different types of food in a different language . a bowl of soup sitting on a table . a picture of a pink flavored ice cream cone . a man stands at the gas station waiting near a green car .
this is the clock in the clock tower . the clock tower is huge . there were some sculptures at the base of the clock tower . there was also a huge ferris wheel . the cars were on the outside of the ferris wheel .
a large black clock on top of a tower big [male] is the nickname for the giant clock that adorns [female] tower at the north end of the palace of westminster . a tall black fish statue inside a building . amusement ride made of steel situated outdoors . the roller coaster is up in the sky .
a trip to location to see the sights . big [male] of course . did n't catch a glimpse of loch ness but did see this bird . and the many stautes . and war relics .
the clock face is at the center of this image . a large building with a clock that has [male] numerals . the statue is in the shape of a curled up fish with its mouth open . a red and white rollercoaster is running with no passengers . a ferris wheel is pictured as it goes across a rainy skyline .
big [male] is a large monument . londoners see big [male] every day . the birds sometimes perch on the large monument . there are a lot of statues surrounding big [male] all londoners love looking at big [male] .
an ornate clock with the hands showing 12:15 . the top of a clock tower is seen in cloudy weather an artful rendition of a fish is portrayed in a black and white image . large red machine with curved off-white parts and a fence around the area . large ferris wheel seen against cloudy daytime sky .
after dinner we talked and we decided to go bowling . bowling was very fun . we were both not very good at it . then all of a sudden then turned on these crazy bowling lights . that made it impossible for us to bowl properly after that . at the end we had bowled well enough that i received a stuffed pokemon for my performance .
both people at the table are looking at something in the distance . someone playing snooker in a snooker ball court a woman bowling a gutter ball in an asian bowling alley . a man about to throw bowling ball down lane a woman investigates a stuffed animal at the toy store .
this woman looks like she is in the mood for some fun or something . in a store trying on hats is fun , especially hats like these . went to a quaint little bar to grab something to eat . stuffed animals of any sort brightens me just a little . bowling is just the type of fun way to spend the rest of the day .
a man and woman are sitting at a table and smiling a bowler throws the ball down the lane . a woman playing midnight bowling at bowling alley man watching bowling ball approach pin in colorful bowling alley . a woman who is standing next to stuffed animals is holding a larger stuffed animal that is mainly blue in color .
i looked into the mirror to make sure i looked great because my crazy friends were coming to get me to have lunch , do some stuffed animal shopping and go bowling . first stop , lunch , oh it was great and the cake us wonderful . then off to get my gift for my nephew and then topped off the beautiful day with some night time bowling . it was a fantastic day !
guy and a girl eating and listening to someone talk a person is bowling in a brightly colored bowling alley . a woman is bowling on a lane in the bowling alley . the man is watching his bowling ball roll down the alley a woman in a toy store is holding a large stuffed fish .
old cities tell stories . their stories may sometimes be very mysterious , but extraordinary either way . old cities remind us how life might have been back then and how far we 've come . it is always good to remember our progress as a people .
a picture showing a small village of buildings in a local community . a view from the base of an aztec temple surrounded by vegetation . a very big building that is naturally formed through time . batches of local fruit tied to bamboo sticks on display a building with a sign that reads `` mcduck 's pawn shop . ''
the buildings were old and so was the pyramid in the old city . there were bananas sold at the local store .
the buildings are old , made of brick , and tan . an old stone temple sits deep within a jungle . worn stone buildings with green painted accents , some made with bricks . the bananas are hanging and are not quit ripe yet . a sign advertises a pawn shop in a run down building
the historic stone building architecture is simply amazing . the pyramid was picturesque with the stairs and trees . the waterway underneath the rocks was quite amazing . the historic blue round building is a masterpiece . the historic building is beautiful still to this date .
the old building in the picture is made of red bricks a large stone pyramid with a building at the top . old stone structure that looks islamic in nature a bundle of bananas that are not riped the weathered facade of the bulding containing a pawn shop .
we went to the amusement park together today . we tried out a lot of rides , they were awesome ! the weird ones were especially fun and interesting . we ended up finishing the way at the roller coasters . wish we could have taken this funny fish home !
two women that are in front of a [organization] [organization] . a roller-coaster carries children around a track at an amusement park . two men sitting on a ride at an amusement park . people riding the carnival riding the electron spin . a blue and white fish sculpture on a plaster building outdoors .
the friends are posing next to the ferris wheel . the rollercoaster banks around a corner . they take sometime to ride the kid ride and to share a laugh . the tilt o wirl is given a try . a closeup of a large plastic blue fish is taken .
two women standing in front of a ferris wheel and other carnival rides . people are riding on a red , boxed car rollercoaster . a couple of asian kids on a park ride . a spinning rollercoaster spins in the air with a ferris wheel in the background . a fake blue and green fish is mounted on a sandy-colored surface and has a large , reflective eye .
location location was the preferred destination for [female] . she was excited to go exploring with her friends , that she was supposed to meet at a popular restaurant . after waiting for a while she did n't see them . so she decided to call them and look for them on her own . she was having a hard time finding them and was getting worried .
two young women pose in front of a ferris wheel . kids enjoying the ride on the circus coaster . two asian guys leaning together on a themepark ride . the electro spin is a ride that moves in circles as it spins quickly . a blue and green fish with a gold and black eye laying against a stone .
the sea lions are taking a nap . this bird wants to be friends with the penguins . the penguins are going to go for a swim . these two young ones are playing together . the birds also want to enjoy the sun .
two large red bikes resting in the grass near a tree a motorcycle parked in a grassy area in front of a truck and van . a truck painted in the [location] flag colors . many motorcycles are parked at an outdoor event . several vehicles stopped on a road at a traffic light in front of a [organization] [organization] .
the motorcycle show was this weekend . motorcycle enthusiasts came to show off their creations . some people even brought tricked-out semi-trucks . everyone lined their bikes up in a parking lot for people to look at . eventually , some of the cyclists decided they were bored with showing their rides and rode off to have fun .
a red motorcycle in front of a tree a black motorcycle with blue flame design and long front fork multiple colored truck parked on grass alongside a road . row of motorcycles parked alongside each other . the two motorcycles are lined up behind the car .
we saw some unique motorcycles like this at the show today . this one looks easy to control . then we saw someone 's custom truck nearby . we asked the truck driver for a lift , and he took us to a lot with more motorcycles . after that , we stopped by the store for some snacks and drinks .
a bright red motorcycle that has a small american flag on it . a motorcycle with chrome and customized lightning bolt paint . brightly decorated in patriotic hues , the semi sat unmoving . a parking lot with motorcycles and a tent . the cars lined up at the traffic signal on the road
the team of scientists headed to the location location today . they were there to study local rock formations . some traveled on foot , while others preferred to ride camelback . finally they got to their destination , the oldest rock crevice known to man ! after many long hours of research , the team determined this crevice was once home to an indigenous tribe of natives . it was an exciting day for science !
people walking in the desert next to a line of white cars . 4 vehicles parked at the bottom of a vast canyon camel out in the hot dessert . a small area of sand surrounded by red rock canyon . cayon , with a tree in the middle , but everywhere i look there are rocks
when we all arrived , we felt ready to cross the hot sands . but we were smart and took the time to look around for a bit before we started . it looked like we were't the only ones here , as we saw an pack animal closer to the cliffs . they looked so big and the space so narrow once we got closer ! we kept going , finally arriving at the spot we would be going through .
four white cars are parked in the sand while several people walk around outside of the cars . cars are parked in the desert landscape during the day a camel in the desert with a saddle on its back . a canyon with a green plant in it there is a tree at the bottom of the rocks .
i went on a desert tour over the summer . this is our caravan as we left . there was nothing but sand for quite some time . eventually we ran across a stone ridge . believe it or not , there were green plants growing there .
a group of individuals are walking in a desert . suv 's parked in the middle of the desert surrounded by the people a camel stands alone in a desert with a small hill in the background . the view of a canyon during the daylight . a rock formation is shown from the bottom .
a man went for a walk in location location . he walked past some bridges . he walked down a path . the man even walked into a tunnel . after his walk the man stopped for breakfast .
the large circular building is made of stone . the green plants have started growing on the soil a scooter lies on the ground in front of thin trees . the bypass for the pedestrians was wide and long a suspension bridge suspended across a river that is next to trees .
i went to visit a popular city the other day . the view from the bridge was certainly lovely . the roads were empty when we went . we found a cool tunnel and followed it one day . we also spent a lot food and it was so yummy !
an old concrete building surrounded by bare trees and fallen leaves a nature scene , likely taken at a park in the fall , as no leaves are on the trees . a bike appears to be stuck in a tree . a boardwalk along a river in a metro area . a large metal bridge over a body of water .
in the park , there is a lovely old building . the building is surrounded by trees . if you look up towards the sky , you see more trees and branches . the park leads to a bridge . a even longer bridge can be seen across the water .
large stone building surrounded by a row of trees . view of an outdoor space featuring beautiful trees and lamp posts . people walking by wonder how in the world this child 's bicycle ended up in the dense clump of trees . a very large bridge spanning into the city . there 's also a board walk along the water . it is in the city and there are a lot of cars parked also . a long silver color bridge across a calm river
it was a great night full of lights the night shined bright throughout the city the buildings were amazing to look at and the food was just as good this was the perfect night for a night out
the lights came off the pole in a tree shape white holiday bell decoration hanging from awning in front of vending machines . tower decoration with countless brilliant lights on display a combination of different meats and a few potatoes . during the holiday season workers wearing [location] hats are serving their customers .
i love the lights . such pretty colors . so much to see . so much to do . and hot dogs ! ! !
a tree made of lights in the middle of steps in town . an ornament that hangs from the top of the business . a large decorated metal tower made up to look like a christmas tree a plate of food is on a red tablecloth near a cup . a woman is looking at the pictures on the food truck .
at night when the place is all lit up it feels like a different world . all of the shops have little things that make them different than the next place . the way all of the buildings are lit up make you feel like magic is in the air . we had food there as well . it was everything that i could have hoped for . all of the little shops where what i needed to see .
christmas lights arranged in the shape of a tree a christmas decoration is hanging from a white ceiling the bright red lights are lighting up the dark sky . the food consist of hotdogs , sausage and lettuce with some forks a line of people gathered outside of a truck that sells food .
this is a very old house that has stood for centuries . the numbering on the door is made very well . this door has a more modern looking frame for the house number . the colors and shape of this building contrast nicely with the sky . when it gets darker , the building looks scary .
the church is white and hold with a large tree out front . an address plate with the number 828 in black on it . the number 814 surrounded by green and yellow frill on a pink surface . a church building that has been designed by an expert . a large church is in front of a cloudy sky
sight seers take a picture of the church. , they wanted to get every detail they could , even the address . this one seemed out of place . they get a view from right under . then , they add a filter .
the old church building looks rustic against the sky and clouds . the number 828 on a front door black numbers on a white and yellow and green rectangular background the church has a round window and a bell tower . an old church with peeling , white paint against sky backdrop .
architecture from a time gone by is quite beautiful . places of worship can be especially beautiful . visiting places like this takes you back to a simpler time . this church is lovely even though it is in disrepair . the only think that brings you back in time is the image of modern conveniences interrupting the view of these lovely building .
a church with a cross on top has a beautiful lake in the background . the number 828 is painted in black on a white wall . this looks like a photo or some artwork with 814 on it and scallops artwork around the edges . and old whitewashed church stands against a blue sky . the eerie looking church was in need of repairs
the group of friends had a christmas party over the holiday break . there was lots of great decorations at the party . they also had a light show at midnight that was incredible . all of the friends were happy and in the christmas spirit . every exchanged gifts at the end of the night and wished everyone a merry christmas .
the decorations at this christmas dance are very festive . a picture taken in the dark of lights moving in a circle . the woman dances at a rave while swirling glow sticks circle her head . the young couple holds drinks as the man grabs the leg of his partner . a group of men and women standing and sitting together for a photo .
things were a little strange at the family holiday party this year . we went with a disco theme . the colorful lights and disco balls added added an other-worldy feel to the festivities . cousin [male] got a little dizzy when he walked to close to the whirling lights . and [male] confused [female] for an elf and tried to pick her up . but the group caroling was a hit , leaving everyone wondering how to top it next year .
an aerial view of a dance floor decorated with christmas garland and ornaments . lights are spinning as if they are on a top . the girl is dancing at a club with spinning lights he was excited to finally get out and go to the bar . a group of people posing for the camera in a room with winter decorations .
ecclectic drinks were poured . there was a lot of dancing . the lights were a fun part of the show . fun photos were taken from the night . it was a holiday bash to remember .
the men and the women are dancing on the dance floor . several lights are blurred around in a circle in a dark environment . a woman in jeans dances under some lights . the young woman has her arm around the husky man who is supporting her right leg . both individuals are holding their own drinks without spilling a drop . a group of friends posing for a photo
we ate so much during dinner . i had a lot to drink . after dinner we were thinking we wanted some ice cream so we went to grab some . they had many different kinds of ice cream . we all enjoyed our ice cream .
two men are seated around a table serving themselves from bowls containing a variety of foods . a smiling gentleman raises his glass in a toast . a red and white sign for an indian grocery store . a case with large containers of different flavors of ice cream a man with a white pullover eating out of cup with another man .
the family always enjoyed a big dinner and did n't hesitate to fill their plates . as was tradition , it was always hot and spicy . [male] took advantage of that and helped himself to a refreshing martini or two . the soup was the spiciest of all . afterwards , though , it was always better once the cool and refreshing ice cream was served .
two men are sharing a meal over many plates . an man is cheering someone with a martini . a old fashion box from years ago showing what it was used for . seven large commercial tubs of ice cream in freezer two men sit and eat out of small styrofoam cups in front of a building .
me and my coworkers decided to try a new resteraunt in town . one of my coworkers said they had some of the best chicken around . the other coworker said they also had the best drinks around . but i was quite happy with my green soup . especially when it 's followed up with ice cream for desert .
a couple of guys sitting at a table eating and sharing a healthy meal . a asian guy holding a wine glass like hea gay a red and white indian groceries store sign a picture of tubs of ice cream in a freezer box a man holding a small cup next to his friend .
we went on a great adventure we found ourselves above the city the woods we walked though were thick we used a machete to cut through the thick forest we found a waterfall
a birds eye view of a forest and mountains . the view of a city seen from high above the ground . a view of mountains in a distance covered with trees . wooded area with trees featuring bare branches in natural setting . the steam from the creek is coming off of the rocks on the hill .
we decided to go hiking after seeing this picture in a brochure . we wanted to get away from our town to refresh ourselves . we walked through the forest . it was hard and it seemed barren without the leaves on the trees . but it was worth it when we found this awesome waterfall .
an aerial view of a mountain shows fields and trees a view af a city from a high view point you can see across the mountain that the trees are very dry . wooded area with no leaves and tall green grass . a small waterfall on the side of a mossy hill .
after a stressful week the couple decided to get away . they hiked up and saw a wonderful view of the city . the other direction was a view of mountains . they wanted to go farther into the woods but did not want to get lost . they found an out of the way stream to enjoy .
a mountainous range full of trees and grass a high shot of a city down below on a hazy day . a large green forest stands in a hilly area trees without leaves are next to each other in a field . a waterfall falling over a rocky outcropping on a forest hill .
today we went walking in the woods , looking for wildlife . [male] got tired so he climbed on daddy 's back . we searched the trees for any signs of birds . finally we found one and got to hand feed it ! we also noticed this curious creature prancing through the snow !
an adult and two children are walking in the snow a young child is dressed in an all red snow outfit and walking on the snow with a stick . a young boy standing between trees in the snow the bird landed on the gloved hand because of the seeds . the man is walking through the snow with his child on his back .
the family went out for a walk in the snow . [male] found a stick that he liked to play with . he had fun climbing in a tree . the family even got to feed a bird ! after a while [male] got tired and rode on his dad 's back .
three people hike through a snow filled tree lined field . a young man in a red winter suit walking through snow . a young boy is playing behind a tree in the snow the bird lands on the persons hand to eat the sunflower seeds a man with a young child on piggy back walking a the snowy woods .
the family went on a snowy hike . the youngest child was having fun , dressed in red . he explored the trees in the brisk air . they held their hands out with sunflower seeds to feed the birds . later , the young boy hitched a ride on the dads back .
trio of young children with older one walking on snow covered path in woods . a young boy in a red snow outfit walking outside a small child wears winter clothes and stands in between a tree . a gloved hand is offering seeds to a bird person carrying a child in a red hat and jacket through the snow
i was out driving yesterday and i got stuck in traffic because of a huge accident . the whole road was blocked off while they cleaned it up . they had all kinds of equipment there to move debris . we were all stuck there for hours until they were able to clear enough of the debris to let traffic flow . eventually everything was cleared out of the way and normal traffic resumed .
an image of a fire truck with fireman assisting others emergency vehicles respond to an accident with an overturned tractor trailer . several orange construction vehicles and construction workers on a road . a person that is standing in the middle of the road . a large tractor trailer with a damaged front cab .
the emergency workers responded to a call at a highway construction site . traffic was mostly unaffected by the accident . the construction workers were forced to move their vehicles off the road . the work continued into the early night . the damaged vehicle was not still not removed at this point .
a group of fierfighters helping with an accident a semi-truck is flipped on its side in the road . construction workers and construction trucks on a road . contruction workers are at the side of a highway at night a man with a flashlight inspects a trailer with the cab crushed down .
the team was called in to the scene , ambulance having already extracted most of the passengers . a train had been overturned , and it was our job to get it back to work . our machines were there in a few moments , and it took us a while to move everything . soon , it was night , and we had to cordon off the area . before long , we managed to have the train cars loaded on this truck , and ready to be sent away , job well done .
a bunch of road workers at the scene of a serious accident . the vehicles are driving on the road next to the forest this image is of a group of trackers moving road blocks . a person in orange sweeps debris off of a road the front even of a semi truck is destroyed in an accident on an old highway .
today was the day the family learned some american history at college creek . they had replicas of everything , ready for a reenactment at the drop of a hat . i love the way the grass was cut , it looked like there were tiny rows in the lawns . there was n't any water around , so they built a replica of a ship that was used during the time , but a little smaller . last of all , we got to see some of the guns that were used buy the revolutionaries !
a sign gives information about the college creek the people are standing around the horse drawn carriage . a young garden surrounded by nicely trimmed shrubbery sitting inside of a white iron fence . a ship from the old days tied to a pier four rifles sit in a display case under a flag and tassel .
when we got to the city , we took a picture of the town sign . down the sand road , we saw the water . near the road , there was a home where we would be staying for the weekend . the carriages were so classy . they led us down this beautiful forest road .
a sign outdoors of something called [location] [location] . a bunch of people are standing around an old town white fence that surrounds the area between bushes and trees a pirate ship tied up along side a dock . rifle holder hanging on a wall with at least four rifles .
the day started with a trip to college creek.there was a tour starting at the main house . we rode a horse and wagon throughout the quaint village . the gardens were peaceful and beautiful . surrounded by a white gate . the highlight of the tour was the actual tour of a ship docked on location location . inside the ship was exciting . lots of historical objects including a collection of muskets.ca n't wait to go back .
the sign gives tourist information about this location . group of people in colonial era dress around a horse-drawn carriage a white luxury fence surrounds a large yard the old pirate ship boat has been restored and the colors have been updated . an image of old rifles on display below some colored bunting .
we went to the beach for our honeymoon . it was a very romantic trip . we got to see many different things . my favorite was watching the sun set over the beach . it was amazing to spend the time with the love of my life experiencing this .
a man is standing at the edge of the beach in the sand a couple starring into eachothers eyes on a beach . two shirtless men walk along a dirt field a beautiful sceen of a rocky shore along the water . a couple hugging while watching waves crash onto a beach
i went to the beach last weekend . there were some people there . we hung out for a few hours . i set up a tent there . we stayed the night .
woman leaving footsteps in the sand walking on beach . a man and woman are sitting close together on the beach two guys walking along a beach holding sticks . the sky is slightly cloudy during sunset over the beach a couple stand in front of the ocean embracing .
the beach has many visitors . some are alone . others , however , come in pairs like this couple . the beach is a wonderful vacation spot . sometimes you can see families together on the beach . it 's great place to come to relax . the sunsets are wonderful as well , and are a joy to view with a loved one .
the woman has left footprints in the sand behind her . a man and a woman sitting on sand while staring intently at each other . mean with sticks walk along trashy beach with cars . the hilly beach along the ocean front is the perfect location to camp in a tent . the people stand at the seashore looking out to sea .
i was on vacation last weekend . there were a ton of decorations . everything was beautiful . the restaurants had a very nice atmosphere . i really enjoyed it .
a band consisting of a bass , a trumpet , and a piano playing a show on stage a martini glass filled and sitting on a table a man playing a cello and a man playing the piano this is a beautiful piece if artwork in display a man that is holding onto a woman .
we decided to go to a nightclub and listen to some live music . here 's my lovely drink ! the musicians were amazingly talented and enjoyable to listen to ! i loved the pretty little lamps on all of the tables . we caught mom and dad enjoying a dance !
a group of musicians that are playing on the stage . adult beverage shown on table at indoor setting . two men on a stage playing the piano and a cello unusual item seen with reddish lighting illuminating the area . a man and woman are dancing close together .
the couple decided to go to the bar for their anniversary . they enjoyed a few drinks together . the music was very nice that night . they liked the lighting of the place . they danced the night away , very much in love with each other .
a group of musicians play music for a crowd . the wine glas with half filled is on the table musicians play music on stage for the crowd . a scene of beautiful objects with light in background a man stares intensely into the eyes of the woman he 's dancing with .
these friends are all celebrating winning a speech competition . the had it at the pizza place where one of them works . the pizza went pretty fast . some guests were underage siblings . but those old enough also got to take part in the all you can drink beer offer .
a bunch of people at a diner pose for a picture a man has put a pizza into a box . two slices of pizza sit on a pizza pan while a man in the background gathers pizza a young man with a beard looking down at something in front of him . an image of a man that is smiling at the camera
friends gather for lunch at the pizza shop . getting ready to bring the first pizza to the table . the first pizza has almost been finished . someone checking their phone for messages . mugging for the camera , what a ham .
eight people sitting at a table with a white top the young man is boxing up a pizza . pizza on the table that someone did n't finish . four young men are sitting at a table while one young man sits alone at another table . a man is grinning with a funny face at the camera .
decided to take the team out for a pizza dinner and talk about the up coming game . for a while things got a bit serious.we had to tackle some short comings of each player . with much understanding everyone realized that its only to help the team . we expressed our concerns and what we should be doing as a whole team . but overall we had a good time and ate some great pizza
the friends have decided to eat at the local restaurant while they catch up on school work . a man in a red shirt is preparing to eat some pizza . trays of pizza sitting on various tables . he was glad that he was not sitting with that group a man bearing a devilish look on his face..
i have always lived inland during my younger years and have a yearning for the sea now and i am fascinated by cottage style communities close to the ocean side . i enjoy traveling around looking for where i would like to spend the rest of my days and i love to take pictures of the places i find the most appealing . this house was one that i would have loved to buy if it had been for sale because i thought it was just perfect for me . i found this home beautifully landscaped and just the perfect size for myself and what i have to fill it with but it is not available either . i suppose i will keep on with my search to find that perfect cottage by the sea and to take pictures along my way of what might have been if the timing had been right .
the log is sitting alone in front of a lake . bushes and flowers are growing in abundance outside a house a house with a green and yellow porch . a house with a blue door and bushes with flowers in the front a pretty white cottage nestled among trees and greenery .
this quiet , seaside town was the perfect site for me to work on my book . i rented a bicycle and a room in this cottage . most days i was in my room upstairs , writing my story . my neighbor lived here , and she helped me type my work . when i needed a break or needed inspiration , i 'd bicycle around town , admiring the laid-back lifestyle .
beach sand with long grass growing with water and a boat a bike is sitting on a sidewalk in front a nicely landscaped house . an older stone house with new porch and neat landscaping . a yellowish white house with a blue front door . the house is surrounded by lush green bushes .
started the morning right with a jog to the beach . the neighborhood was very picturesque but quiet . the beautifully decorated porches seemed lonely . the front gardens were well maintained but no one was available for me to compliment . feeling refreshed and ready to lounge on the deck chairs in front of my lovely home .
a log sits in front of weeds that stretch to the edge of the water . a bike sitting in the front garden of a house the front of a quaint , small , well kept block home with a prominent yellow painted railing on the front porch . a group of plants that are in front of the house . a small light colored cottage with chairs on the front porch .
an antique convention is held in a small city . people bring different items to identify their value . a lot of people bring jewelry that have been in their family many years . people are even able to purchase gifts . one booth has greeting cards that are for purchase .
a group of people that are next to each other . women peruse the selection of baskets in the store . a table with earrings and necklaces on it a group of presents of the same sized ready to be gifted . a greeting card laying on top of several cell phone cases in plastic sleeves .
the entertainment was excellent ! the displays were amazing ! we had fun looking through all of the potential gifts ! the food choices were diverse ! the great writer was honored at the event !
this image is of a group of women pulling out their hold . women shop at a booth inside which sells many types of baskets . many pieces of vintage jewelry are displayed on a blue background . ten wrapped presents are sitting on the table . the book contained a hand drawn photo of a forest scene .
time for the annual craft fair so i hopped in the car and headed straight there . saw many lovely picnic baskets . the jewelry , while a bit large , was very tempting to buy as gift for mom . some presents came pre-wrapped , though i was hesitant to buy without touching . i am can not refuse a moose item so i bought a hand-drawn card .
people looking at jewelry laying on a table a woman is perusing a collection of baskets a collection of jewelrly that is next to each other . these boxes were arrange accordingly for an event and give it away to the guests a christmas card on a table with a number of cell phone covers .
we took a city trip this weekend , it was really nice . we took many pictures of the skyline , it was really majestic . the smoke stacks from the chimneys were also impressive . at the end of the day , we also attended the fireworks show . it was really loud because we were right below it .
a body of water with the city lights reflecting of it . city skyline shining down on a lake area at night . the top part of four smoke stacks that are against a blue sky . spectacular display of fireworks in the clear night sky . a set of fireworks goes off in the sky with a red color .
many were scared that it the city would be too bright to see the fireworks . as night fell , the city 's lights seemed to dim enough to see the dark sky . but others were worried that the cities manufacturers had caused too much smog to see the fireworks . when the fireworks celebration started the rockets seemed to function normally and it seems everyone worried for nothing . however , the smog had caused most of the rockets to have an odd reddish hue the entire celebration .
a river with a bridge and a cityscape in the background . a beautiful photo of a city with water in the distance four dark but otherwise nondescript towers rise up towards a dark blue sky . an assortment of fireworks exploding in the middle of a dark sky . smokey night time sky with fireworks bursting in the air .
i decided to go on an adventure to a city i had never been to before . it was getting dark when i came into town and the city was brightly lit . there were many strange tubes sticking up from the ground in this city . i must have arrived on an important day as there were fireworks . the fireworks were actually pretty annoying . they were too loud and there was too much traffic when they stopped .
a skyline is lit up over the water at night . a night time city skyline featuring water and a large group of people looking on . four black stacks in the darkening blue sky . colorful fireworks being set off and exploding in the air . an amazing fireworks display in the middle of the night .
the statues stared blankly at the people passing by . there were so many statues in this city , but the architecture was gorgeous . the only way to get around was by riding a camel , and so people would ride camels up and over the hills all day long .
a water fountain with two lions spewing water some statues of birds sitting around a fountain children that are walking on the stone floor . lovely white brick castle tower against an almost cloudless blue sky . two stems of purple flowers are positioned close together .
the trip to location was very interesting . there was so many interesting sculptures . it was fun to watch the kids play on the sidewalk . the architecture was outstanding . location even had pretty flowers .
metal fountain statue of two felines with water coming out of their mouths . a couple of statues of birds on a cement structure several boys are walking together with silver hats on their heads . the large tower seemed to touch the sky and was notable by its interesting architecture . purple flowers are growing out of a pile of rocks
in the garden of the mansion , there are statues of lions spurting out water . there are also statues of birds . little kids walk around in groups during their class trip . the mansion is very impressive to look at , it 's very tall and big . there is also a beautiful garden with purple flowers .
statues of two animals with water shooting from their mouths . picture of a stone pigeon statues around a fountain the boys are all wearing helmets and holding hands . a large stone building that was used in the old . two bunches of wild flowers growing on a rocky surface
lauriebeth and [female] got engaged last sunday . we were all very happy for them . they are a great couple . they posed at church for an official wedding photo . it looked on the outside like their lives were going to be wonderful . however , in the parking lot , we witnessed lauriebeth smash [female] on the head with a metal bar . they said it was just an illusion based on where we were standing , but i 'm not sure .
a woman 's hand , wearing a ring , on top of a man 's hand . a black and white professional photo of a smiling man and laughing woman holding hands and displaying her engagement ring . a couple with arms around each other posing for a photo . a woman smiles as she wraps her arms around the neck of a man . man trying to squeeze through a fence with a woman helping
the bride to be shows off her diamond ring . a black and white photo of the couple . the engaged couple pose for a picture . the happy couple pose for a photo in the woods . the soon to bride has locked out the soon to be groom .
a pair of married hands holding each other , displaying a wedding ring . a black and white photograph of a man and woman . a man embraces his significant other as they smile for the camera . an asian woman hugging a caucasian man from behind a woman and man work together to squeeze through a fence .
the photo shoot for the engagement was very fun . we had to try out the black and whites . our favorites were in color though . the day was bright and beautiful . the funny ones will always be remembered .
she is wearing an engagement ring with a large diamond . a man and woman pose for a studio portrait while the woman laughs . a man and woman are standing in front of a yellow wall a happy couple is spending time together outdoors . the girl is trying her best to help the man who wants to enter on the grill
people attended a wine tasting tonight . there were elaborate desserts to sample . there were also samples of salad for more health-conscious people . the main event was the wine sampling where several wineries were represented . the party was a huge success and people had a wonderful time .
rows of a variety of wine bottles on a table . a chocolate cake sitting on top of a plate on a counter several plates of salad sitting on the counter wine tasting display laid out on a large table with deserts . a piece of chocolate cake that is on a a white plate
setting up the wines for the wine testing dinner . making a chocolate cake . starting of with a caesar salad . the wine glasses with the wine and a desert . chocolate cake for desert .
the restaurant keeps many different kinds of wine on hand for their patrons . close-up of chocolate pastry on a clear dish with chocolate frosting . plates of green lettuce and a variety of dressings in cups . a table with rows of wine glasses on it . a piece of chocolate cake accompanied by raspberry syrup and red wine .
plenty of wines were on hand for the event . a delicious-looking cake was just begging to be tasted . small salads were prepared with an assortment of dressings . several different wines were presented to be sampled with the dessert course . the dessert looked almost too good to eat .
several bottles of wine sitting on a wooden table . chocolate pastry on a glass plate on a granite counter . plates of green lettuce with cups of dipping sauce a wine tasting accompanied by a small piece of chocolate raspberry cake . a piece of chocolate cake topped with raspberries on a table .
hi , this is me and my dad [male] . this is my mom [female] . my family loves the organization . my parents actually met at a game . my mom sold my dad a beer . it was love at first sight . now we live here on this street . happily ever after . go orioles !
a father and son enjoying a baseball game people sitting in the stands watching a sporting event . an [organization] game ticket resting safely on the sidewalk . the cup of beer on the ledge is nearly empty several storefronts line a brick sidewalk and street .
the family went to a baseball game . we had a lot of fun together . it was our first time watching the organization . we kept our souvenir mug . then we went to the bar after .
two men smiling at what appears to be a baseball game . a red-headed woman smiling at what 's in front of her at an event . white and orange [organization] ticket on a concrete surface . a plastic glass of beer sitting on a wall . a picture of a empty street and sidewalk showing a couple of buildings with a green and white building standing out .
the ball game was a hit ! [male] and rich line up for a photo . [female] , [male] and rich watch intently as the batter comes up to the plate . the organization organization organization july 2nd 2008 , i will never forget this day . although i may not remember some parts too . afterwards we decided to get another drink and some food .
two men sit at a stadium with smiles on there faces . smiling woman sitting in stands with other people . a ticket for the [organization] vs. the [organization] [organization] [organization] takes up most of the frame . a mostly empty cup of beer stands at a baseball game long bricked sidewalk beside a long paved road .
the rodeo starts with cowboys riding around with the flag . a gorgeous singer belts out the star spangled banner . the rodeo does n't go well . the animals are in top form and kick some human butt . [male] the bull does a front hand spring and launches his human into the stands . the bison want in on some of the human butt kicking action and break out of their cages .
two horses wearing red white and blue are racing a woman in cowboy boots sings at an american rodeo . black and grey animal kicking up a lot of dust in the desert a bull throwing a cowboy off its back and into the dirt two oxens are coming off the truck at a rodeo .
this is when we went to the rodeo . they had a local celebratory sing the organization organization . cowboys were riling up the calfs . another guy kept on the bucking bronco . but the real show was the bull fight . we all had a great time .
patriotic women ride their patriotic horses at the rodeo . a woman in a sort of cowboy outfit speaks in the microphone . the animal is running very fast and kicking up dirt rodeo show and the rider is not having a good day . bison walking walking down a ramp into an arena
there is a rodeo going on , and it will be action filled . this beautiful woman is pretty much the announcer . the bulls were wild and scary , but put on a great show . it sure looked like the cowboy was gon na get hurt real bad . we got to see the huge buffalo . they were fantastic .
two women ride horses while carrying an american flag woman talking on microphone standing in a rodeo ring two animals are fighting . they appear to be cattle , but it is an action photograph and their bodies are blurred by the speed of their movements . dirt and dust is thrown into the air and there appears to be a person watching them . the man just got thrown off of the bull . two bison come plowing off their ride at the rodeo .
this was a family reunion of working together they all met and posed for a picture and then they took another group photo on the staircase they exchanged gifts as well then they sat down and enjoyed dinner together
a newspaper article reports on a mayor presenting awards for hard work . a man presenting a woman with an award or certificate older men and women that are standing on a set of stairs . two women are holding an object while a man looks on . many older persons gathered around a white cloth table .
the story ends with an article , but it started long before . this woman won a major award . her friends and family were there to witness the event . the award was presented by her best friend . after the ceremony , they enjoyed a wonderful dinner .
the newspaper has a picture of many men and a couple of women as its main image . a man is holding a certificate with a woman . group of people posing for a picture on a set of stairs . a lady is being presented with an award or gift . a group of distinguished guests sit at the table
the event made the breaking news of the local newspaper . the long awaited certificate was presented in the most formal way . i still remember the style of the building . the box got misplaced before the ceremony , but was found in the nick of time . everything ended with a diner prepared by our local caterer .
a newspaper article has a photo of seniors posing with a certificate . an older lady is being presented with an award by a group of men and one woman . group of people standing on a set of stairs together for a photo . a woman is presenting a woman with a medal . the elder generation getting ready to have a dinner party ,
the sisters had a wonderful time on their vacation at the lake . they were acting silly , posing in front of the gorgeous sunset . at night , it was time to meet friends at a local restaurant . every day , they swam in the lake . but they still had time to cook together in their vacation home .
young women posing for camera with bright sunset in background . a woman poses for a photo in front of a sunset . the two [ eople are seated closer to each other the water was cold on the beach but they braved it anyway . two women stand together in a kitchen cooking .
what a beautiful sunset she thought to herself . the sky was brilliant . she started to dance . twirling around in the sand to the music in her mind . she was easily amused and enjoyed her own company .
two women are posing together for a photo . woman standing in front of a sunset so you can see just her silhouette . a man and woman are sitting together at a table two friends that are in the waters of the beach . two girls are smiling at the camera while in a kitchen .
this is me and krissy on our first spring break ! we did superhero poses in front of the sunrise to be extra dramatic . krissy 's new boyfriend went to dinner with us . the next day , we went to the beach . the water was pretty cold ! our apartment had a tiny kitchen . this vacation was super fun !
two girls are smiling for the camera while the sun is setting . a person is standing watching the sun set in colors a couple sitting in a restaurant smiling at the camera . two women in swimsuits wadding in the water . two lovely and young women friends are making a pot of tea .
[male] took his first trip to the coast . it started with a bird pooping on his head . after this he headed out to the rock . he found small pools of weird animals . after the hike he met a random dude and had drinks .
a man smiles at the camera with a beautiful ocean view landscape behind him . man sitting on a railing with a beach behind him looking at a seagull flying next to him . people gathered at the base of the mountain yellow material obstructs water rushing through a rock channel . a man smiles for the camera at an outdoor bar .
we went to look at the rocks on the beach . the boulders on the shore had been worn smooth . they were rounded by the pounding waves . it was hard to believe , because in some places the water seemed so calm . from a distance , the shore hardly seemed touched .
a guy leaning against a fence with his arms behind his back smiling at the camera . the young fellow tries to start up a conversation with what he thinks is [male] livingston seagull . people at the base of a mountain near some green area standing on sand . bright green kelp floats against rocky tidal pools . a man ina bleu shirt smiles into a camera
[male] and i went on a vacation . we brought our pet seagull [male] . we saw beautiful beach mountains . we saw yellow seaweed too ! [male] ate way too much and grew a beard . it was a good vacation .
a young man leans against a white fence rail overlooking a field of wildflowers and a bay beyond . a man sits on a railing as a seagull flies overhead . people standing in front of a large stone hill some type of yellow material is in the water under rocks the man in the [location] chief 's shirt is looking at the camera .
the group got to take a trip around the city . they saw a large location location on the shoreline . they even got to take a boat ride . they saw enormous buildings that looked gorgeous . at the end of the day , they saw everything that they wanted to see .
a view of an architectural building and city skyline over the bay . a fancy chinese ship being sailed alongside a city . beautiful chinese building in the city with many people the thin trees are covered in small red leaves . a japanese maple with pink and purple flowers in bloom .
the view of the opera house from the ocean is real spectacular . the ferris wheel looks like it is going to spin in the water . i told my husband that i would love the experience of taking a tour on that boat . this building is beautifully , and artistically designed . this building reminded me of a building that my art teacher made us draw in art class .
a building or business that stands next to the waters . a ferry travels down the waterway in the city . building has a bright sign on the front of it small trees with brilliant red berries , above a garden of spiky green plants . the beautiful pink and yellow blossoms look bright on the plain branches .
we were almost at the city . our boat docked next to the city . a few minutes later we were in the city . a red tree clocked our view . i gave up and decided just to enjoy the tree .
prominent artistic building located on waterway in large city . some type of ferry boat for carrying people across water a building that is surrounded by a large group of people the tree is bright red as it blooms in full fall foliage . pink flowers are blooming from thin branches and stems
we rode the subway to get there . it looked really cool today . saw these interesting flyers . in the distance the rides were very bright . up close they were even prettier .
the carnival ride with swings is lit up white at night . outdoor carnival ride with lighted lights and many riders through a window one can see the building across the street in a green hue of light . a ceiling full of stage lights for a performance the black and white photo of the train station .
i took my family to the fair last weekend . there was a huge ferris wheel . i had a great time . we stayed all night . on the way back we took the train .
a low angle view of a carnival ride at night . the roller coaster ride was feared by many people who did not want to ride . it is brightly lit outdoors at night when seen from a small window . a series of lights glare down from the ceiling rafters . a collection of trains that are used for transport .
we took a ride on the subway today . and stopped near our favorite place to go . we headed past the posters to our destination . the fair ! we love to hang out at the fair . the ferris wheel is my favorite !
an amusement park ride is lit up against the night sky . a ferris wheel that is glowing the color of yellow . a dark picture with a lot of lights outside a window a row of lit light bulbs in a warehouse . subway train stopped near escalator where passengers may exit
the concert was a great time for everyone . the drummer delivered a great performance . the whole band performed their hearts out . the guitar player gave a great solo . they ended the performance by calling a girl on stage to sing .
the people are playing different instruments on stage the guitarist playing the black guitar has a red , white and blue patch on his short . a band playing on stage with people looking on . a man plays electric guitar on a stage . a singer in a blue jumpsuit leans into a microphone as smiling young people watch .
when we first got to the venue , we had to warm up . then , we changed clothes and really began to rock . [female] & [male] 's voices were booming . and , [female] was killing it on the guitar . the audience did n't know what to make of us but seemed to really love it .
a four person male band on stage with three microphones . a guy in a blue jacket and gray shorts playing a guitar with his bandmates . a group of three men play music and sing for an audience . a guitar player performs on stage in front of a crowd . a man leaning over singing to the crowd
the old band decided to reunite for a charity event . [male] has n't missed a beat since he play 's in another band full-time . [male] could use a some water since his voice sounds hoarse . [male] was really having a good time with his old guitar . the concert was a success and raised money for a good cause .
a small male group is preforming to a crowd . the man has an electric guitar strapped on to him . men playing guitars stand on stage performing for a crowd . the boy is dressed in a dark blue upron and playing guitar a musician dressed in all purple leans over the stage towards his fans .
i went the presentation yesterday . i took a bus there . there were many people speaking . the building was very nice . afterward we were allowed to ask questions .
a woman is delivering a lecture to a crowd . a man serving as tour guide speaks into the microphone on a bus . a woman from [organization] [organization] standing at a podium . the statue of a white cougar is in front of a building that overlooks a well manicured lawn . a classroom with empty desks and a few adults up front .
what a long day of sitting and watching a lecture today . getting ready to take a tour around and see the sights . what an interesting lecture organization gave today . the grounds are so well kept . finally it 's over , getting ready to go .
a professor is going over a powerpoint about history this image is of a bus driver providing a spoken tour . a woman delivering a speech at [organization] [organization] the outside of a one level brick building . a group of people engage in a conversation in a classroom .
i attended an important meeting at organization organization . my coach announced the president of the school will be hosting the meeting . and low and behold there she was , a very important female in power organization organization is one of the most prestigious schools though it has a conservative look . we took a tour around the school and i 'm considering transferring here !
a person that is presenting in front of people . giving a tour and telling about different areas . a woman with glasses is speaking at a podium labeled [location] [location] [location] . a brick house with fancy entrance and pink flowers . a group of people gather in front of a large classroom .
there were some tall buildings near our vacation hotel room . the courtyard made it seem as though we were n't in a big city . it was tropical , and full of palm trees . the skies stayed clear of rain clouds for our whole trip . the beach was nearby the hotel and very relaxing .
an office bulding window on a top floor overlooking other buildings , the plaza of a hotel with a lush garden . brightly lit display with palm trees at outdoor patio area . green plants sit underneath a mostly cloudy sky . a bamboo fence on a beach in front of the ocean .
he really wanted to get his wife away from all these skyscraper buildings . he decided to take her to a beautiful beachfront hotel . there was a gorgeous courtyard which they sat at in the evening . she loved the beautiful sky with puffy white clouds . the beach was so wonderful ; they hated to go back home at the end of the long weekend getaway .
a view of skycrapers and other buildings from an office window . a courtyard featuring palm trees , manicured shrubs , and tented cabanas , with two 4-story hotel buildings surrounding it . the trees are lit up by the nighttime lights . clouds in the sky and the top of trees . the sky above the ocean is blue in colour
i had stayed a few days in my hotel room . i visited the beach today to pass the time . when the sun was setting , i went back to my room . i found that the sunset made the beach look beautiful . it 's a new day ; i wonder where i 'll go to next ?
two large skyscrapers reaching several stories higher than all their surrounding buildings . outdoor image of hotel grounds showing cabanas and palm trees . some people are in white robes at night . the clouds gather over what til now has been a sunny tropical sky . i do n't know what this fence is supposed to prevent but it is sturdy
here 's the birthday girl . her friend got up and did hop scotch . time to blind the kids for pin the tail on the donkey . she could jump really far . he was so scared , he almost walked into his mom .
a young girl sits at a table making a paper garland as a woman stands behind her . a girl is walking while people are looking on blindfolded girl in a room with other smiling girls . a girl is playing a game where she is stepping on colored lines . a little boy is wearing a bright pink blindfold standing in the center of a group of people .
today i spent the day at my daughter 's school . we played a lot of games . here 's my daughter blindfolded . you had to walk on a straight line without falling off . here is my daughter 's best friend and parents from school . it was a fun day , and my daughters was happy to spend the day with me and her friends .
a woman stands behind the kid who is seated a girl in front of her family as they look on , laughing . a young girl in a purple dress blindfolded at a party . a young girl in a class room setting playing a game a young boy is wearing a pink blindfold in front of others .
we had parents day at the kids school today . everyone had a great time . all the kids showed off and played games . we had arts and crafts . even the some of the parents got creative .
a girl is making decorations while the older lady watches . these children are playing while waiting for an important . a girl in a purple dress with a blindfold surrounded by other girls and women . a young girl is paying with colored stripes on the floor in a room . a little boy is wearing a green shirt and a pink headband over his eyes .
last night 's fireworks show blew me away . this red flower type burst was amazing . it filled the sky . i liked these lower down dual color displays , too . this one looked like a big lolly pop in the sky . this green one reminded me of trailing ivy . and these subtle bursts were great . it was a top notch show .
a multi-colored firework bursting on a clear night . a fireworks display for a group of people at night . a blue red and white firework is going off in a dark sky bright green fireworks bursting into the sky on a dark night white and red fireworks exploding across the dark sky .
the fireworks show was spectacular . there were so many colors . i had a great time watching . some were very unique . afterward we went back home .
beautiful lines of different colors streaming from a center point and exploding in all directions against the dark night sky . colorful fireworks are shot off into the night a series of exploding fireworks on the night sky green and white fireworks go off in the dark sky . several colors of fireworks fill up the night sky
the firework show is very bright , some of the fireworks are bright red . some fireworks go off at the same time and there are many fireworks in the sky . there are also blue fireworks . some of the prettiest fireworks are bright green . sometimes three fireworks can be seen in the sky .
the fire works have the night sky lit up . a huge fireworks display with red and blue fireworks . the fireworks had beautiful colors of blue and red to light up the night . green fireworks shooting in the black night sky . orange and purple fireworks are in the night sky .
once while i was n vacation in this nice brick hotel . i woke up and took my dog trixie for a walk . trixie ran around and enjoyed the fresh air . we had lots of fun playing fetch together . after a while she got tired and had to take a rest .
a vignette portrait of a large building surrounded by trees . a man and a white dog are walking in a field . a dog that i running back to its owner with a stick a man is throwing a stick on a grassy field for a white dog . the poodle is playing with the stick in the grass
the man took his puppy to the park so they could both get some much-needed exercise . they played fetch , and they both had a lot of fun . the man threw the toy very far , and the dog started to get tired . so the puppy plopped down in the grass to rest for a while . before they left , they noticed that an adorable bunny had joined their fun too .
a edited photo of an old building with small trees a man is looking at a little white dog near him . a guy is playing fetch in a park with his white puppy . a man is playing catch with his dog in the park . a dog is lying on the grass that is dark and tall
i visited the public library with my dog today , on this beautiful sunny day . my maltese puppy is so cute and follows me around without a leash . here she is learning to fetch , with a stick that 's as long as her ! this fetch game continued for the entire afternoon . by evening , she was almost entirely pooped out , so we went back home .
the outside of a building is cast in the sun the man is walking his small white dog through the grass . a dog fetching a stick on a field and walking towards a man . man throwing a stick for a little white dog at a park . the dog has its tongue out and it is getting the stick .
we finally made it to the theme park ! even though i hate heights we took a ride in the chairs . this ride was more my style . after going on so many rides , we took aim at some games instead . there were so many lights and cool things to see at the park .
they did a dance routine at the zoo today people riding the high swings at the fair people enjoying a ride at a amusement park . a man firing a gun at a carnival . a quickly rotating lighted fan throws sparks of color in the darkness .
we decided to go to the fair today . we rode on several rides including the swings . the roller coaster was a lot of fun , but also really scary . we tried to win a few prizes at the games too . we were there late into the night .
a young man and woman are showing how wet they got on a ride . people are propelled through the air on a huge swing , as two contrails taper off in the distance . a few groups of people ride a purple and green roller coaster ride . the guy in the gray shirt is holding a rifle . this ride does not look like anything i would want to ride ever
we are excited for a day at the amusement park . the rides where all excited . i love roller coasters ! i also really like shooting games . it was a great day .
a young man and woman are outside at a water park and there clothes are slightly damp . the swings at the amusement park are half full of people . a group of people enjoying themselves on a rollarcoaster people playing a game that require using a fake gun to shoot things . a blurry picture of a light show on stage .
this is [male] with his roommates , [male] and [male] [male] likes to cook for the three . [male] works in this clothing store to help pay rent . they live in this dormitory near the college . this statue sits outside the dorm in remembrance of a terrible tragedy that took place in 1945 .
two boys tend to a pan full of food on the stove . this person is cooking up a hearty breakfast of eggs and bacon a collection of items that are on top of the table . three guys sitting down with a frying pan getting ready to eat . 3 people sitting around the kitchen table one is holding a frying pan
rather than starve to death me and my roommates learned to cook . it was no easy task . neither is cleaning up the mess . but eating is easy so we try our best . eating and posing for photos is what we do best .
two men are standing in the kitchen cooking a man is cooking eggs on a stove . the table has a bunch of breakfast foods and drinks on it . 3 guys sitting at a table eating and smiling at the camera a couple of men are sitting at a table together
good morning , what do we have here ? chef curry with the pot ! looks both healthy and delicious . everyone agrees it smells amazing . last shot before it gets devoured .
two human males attempting to use a stove to provide themselves with nourishment a young adult is cooking eggs in a skillet on a stove . a dining room table set up for making brunch . a_t_ & _t room table setup for making brunch . three young men are seated around a kitchen table and sharing breakfast . the three boys are holding a frying pan of food
nothing like a carnival on a beach , it is the most fun you could have . when you are not at the carnival you might enjoy a walk on the beach . a lot of people like riding the ferris wheel , it is one of the biggest attractions . after the carnival on the beach you never know what to expect . maybe a wedding at a baseball game . and to top the night off why not a couple mascots acting silly at the game .
a carnival is displayed from high up . a couple boys playing in an empty part of a beach . a ferris wheel is under a partlycloudy sky.. a bride and groom on a baseball field exchanging vows . mascots on a baseball field look upwards and out of the stadium .
the fair is in town today and it is right off of the beach . what a beautiful day . the view from the organization organization is breathtaking . not far from the fair , a couple is taking pictures in a baseball field . overall , the good weather brings people out and about . it was a good day .
a local city puts on a carnival for their citizens . many people gathered on a sandy beach outside . a [organization] wheel that has carts that move . a couple getting married on the baseball field . a mascot is standing inside of a stadium
the beach was crowded , even early in the morning . luckily , there was room to play in the sand . they 'd even sat up rides for the crowd . after the beach , we decided to go to a baseball game . it lasted long enough to be our last event , but it was worth it .
a carnival by the ocean is viewed from overhead on a opening between braces . a person crouched over on the beach looking down it . a ferris wheel called wonder wheel in front of clear skies . a wedding ceremony taking place on a baseball field . a baseball field with people dressed in costumes
we visited location over the summer for our vacation . location had some really nice beaches and activities we took part in . here our family was together at the beach hanging out and enjoying the weather . there are a lot of historical structures in location as well . we saw some old structures scattered throughout the city . this church was one of our favorite buildings in location . it was beautiful and the architecture was amazing . all in all , our vacation location was awesome and we would recommend it to others .
a beach scene at low tide in what looks like [location] or [location] . not so crowded beach on a sunny day small stone city buildings in the backdrop beach goers enjoying time on sand and water in coastal town . small square stone pools holding a small amount of water . the religious cathedral with high ceilings and ornate paintings sits with an empty alter and pews .
we catch a glimpse of our holiday destination from the airplane window . location is beautiful ! we decide to explore the ancient buildings fronting the harbor . we decide to spend a day at the beach . it 's not crowded and the weather is beautiful . we rent mopeds and explore the city . much easier than traveling by car . the basilica is stunning . we attended mass on our last day in location .
several boats sit on the beach on an island village . the people are laying on the beach as others stand around beach goers enjoying sunny day near walled walkway . stone pathway with holes leading toward doorway , staircase beyond an alter for a [male] church is very ornate .
our island vacation was amazing . we stayed in a bed and breakfast right on the seashore every morning we walked out onto the beach , where people liked to relax in the sun . in town we rented little motorbikes to travel through the winding streets . in the evening we visited the church for a beautiful , holy mass .
several boats lie on the sand by a beach side city . people sunbathing on a beach in front of a small city . people are going into the still water along the sandy bank . unfinished concrete sidewalks appear to be in the photo that lead up to the edge . tall building with intricate architecture and paintings on walls
while we were traveling we came across a strange building and went to investigate . we saw a large observation tower in the back . we decided to take a closer look and see if we can reach the top . after some debate we climbed to the top for a better view . at the top we witnessed a very beautiful sunset .
this structure holds water for the rest of the city . an electrical tower next to an empty road in the fall . the pillar tall in the sky is made up of metals the metal tower reaches up into the bright blue sky . a orange and red sunset sky topped by long wispy clouds
today we visited a special place of my parents ' . after walking through the gates , we saw a huge tower in the distance . the tower seemed to grow taller as we got closer . we saw that it had a million steps to get to the top . after climbing the steps , we stayed and watched the sunset .
a small domed structure stands on a hill inside a fence . electric lines over a rural road are connected to a control tower . a watch tower sits high in the sky next to power lines . the stairs for the tower go all the way to the top . colorful group of clouds with the sun setting in the distance .
visiting the local observatory was quite a treat . these communication towers towered over the landscape . it took a lot of steps to get to the top of this tower . as the sun set the sky was aflame with beauty . there is no better way to end a day than with a sight like this .
a large telescope surrounded by a metal fence the tall tower is out in the middle of no where at the end of a dead end street . a metallic orange tower with 4 beams along a power line pyramid shaped stairs with many twist and turns in the levels . picture of a red fiery sky in the evening .
[male] wanted to go to his favorite restaurant for his birthday . the family gathered for the meal . they were happy to spend time together . the baby was not happy so mom had to walk her around . then it was time for the cake , so the family sang happy birthday . the cake was chocolate and he was very happy to eat it . he enjoyed his party very much .
contemporary styled building surrounded by bare trees and snow . a woman enjoying pizza in her favorite pizza place . a woman holds a baby while she talks to a man blurry photo of group of people sitting at a table with drinks a child playing with his chocolate and vanilla ice cream with his fingers .
eating at the mama location location . pizza night with the family . son and dad eating pizza and drinking juice . watching the game on tv . having fun with the family .
snow is on the ground near a large building a woman surrounded by pizza and drinks . a woman holding a baby wearing pajamas while a man watches . people sitting around a dinner table full of beverages as one of the patrons laughs in her chair . the diner just can not resist the urge to play with his chocolaty dessert .
a snowy day makes for a gray sky . friends gather for pizza and drinks . a friend brings her baby to the table and shows off . pictures of the family are taken to remember the evening . deserts are served and eaten by the kids .
an industrial building located in a secluded area covered in snow . a woman is happy to be sitting at a table full of pizza . a woman holding a baby at a party . adults sitting around a table with drinks and speaking with one another . small hand playing in ice cream on a saucer .
the family gathered on the beautiful day at the park for a celebration . grandma let everyone know how happy she was to see them all . the little boy was very moved by this fallen soldier statue . the windmill fans were beautiful on the lawn . the kids had the most fun flying their kites at the park .
the dinner was served outside in the back yard a woman in green shirt has her hand up . a boy points at a memorial in newton county . many pretty flowers are planted in the grass the little boys are standing outside holding kites in their hands .
today we gathered for a picnic . mom talked about her new job . we visited the monument for the citizens . there was also a memorial on the lawn . the boys were able to fly their kites .
a few plastic tables are set out in a field while people sit and eat . woman with hand up in a green shirt . young boy standing in front of a tall monument statue a large amount of blue pinwheels are in the grass . two young boys playing with kites in a field .
my aunt came over for a family dinner . we had all the tables set up outside because it was a beautiful day . the kids played with a ribbon . it was finally time to eat . they kids posed for a picture in their matching shirts .
a group of people sitting at table in an outdoor setting . a woman with a light blue shirt talking and using her hands to describe something . the little boy was trying to reach in the air an array of blue pinwheels is standing on the grassy lawn of a building . two boys stand outside and show off their kites .
[female] and [male] went to the organization organization game . the stadium was filled with fans . the game was off to a great start . there was plenty of action . later [female] met a friend at the river .
two people are wearing [organization] [organization] shirts and posing for a pictre a male and female couple in baseball fan attire pose for a picture . people at the oriole park staium for the game . baseball players warming up with bats down the baseline . a sparse crowd sits and watches a professional baseball game .
my husband and some friends came with me to the baseball game . they got to take pictures on the field . we were n't the only ones attending the game , i saw plenty of my coworkers . the game started off slow in the beginning . but soon it picked up and we were all hyped up on adrenaline , hoping our favorite team won .
two [organization] [organization] fans standing outside and posing for a picture . a couple of [organization] [organization] [organization] fans at a game . [location] [location] at [organization] [organization] filling up with fans . four baseball players that are preparing for a game a far away shot of a professional baseball game .
we tailgated with one of our favorite couples . we were in our organization organization gear in full support of our team . organization organization is a great baseball venue . the organization organization players warming up . once the game started , we had a great view .
a couple of red sox fans posing for a picture . a man and woman posing for a photo at a ball park . the people are sitting in the stadium seats . the baseball players are standing in the green grass at this baseball game the first thing i notice is that no one is on first .
his two best friends came into the restaurant . quickly , he made them their favorite drink . they ordered a tray of shrimp , avocado and cheese dip with nachos . they shared a bowl of jambalaya . [male] was always happy to see his friends enjoy his work .
the man and woman are holding on to the filled glasses . two glasses of alcohol sitting next to each other on a table . the nachos sit under three toppings on the tray . food on a plate topped with cilantro and cheese and also surrounded by soup and beans an image of a man in a cubicle smiling at the camera
my husband and i finally got to go out on a date night . we had a couple of amazing drinks . the food was artfully put together , and tasted amazing . the good food just kept coming , and we are till we were stuffed . the food was so good we had to give our compliments to the chef personally .
an asian couple poses for a photo while sitting at a bar enjoying drinks . alcoholic beverages are in small glasses on a granite table an ornately featured appetizer dish on a counter . a huge bowl of ham and beans in a tomato sauce a man standing by a shelf with two framed diplomas on the wall .
our honeymoon hotel had the most perfect intimate restaurant . each evening we enjoyed different flavored cocktails . the appetizers were delicious and almost a meal in and of themselves . the main entrees were served as a piece of art would be displayed . we managed to get a candid shot of the chef before we left .
an asian couple are seated at a bar posing with their martini cocktails in hand . the two glasses are filled to the top . a plate of nacho chips with various dips in glasses . a white plate of food on it with cilantro a man in a blue , black and whit shirt and some certificates on the wall .
travelling was made much easier with the access to coffee . the downtown was somewhat obscurred by the bad weather . the domes of the palaces looked like the work of islam . the palms were abundant on the shoreline . the street vendors were in abundance .
a silver tea kettle and paper cups sit on a small ledge near a window . building in an asian city on a foggy day a small model of the statue of [female] sits on a stand in an asian city . boaters enjoy the grey day out on the water in spite of the lack of sun . a group of people looking at stuff to buy .
a lot of people love to visit historical places on vacation . i like to buy things . there are shops galore to chose from and bargains if you know where to look . we hit this giant fish market and while the deals were good , it stank to high [female] . we found a lot of great things for dinner that night . and cheap too . of course we had to hit the fireworks . i mean c'mon , that is almost tradition in location right ?
a tea pot sitting next to a window on a plane . the beautiful architecture of the asians is clearly evident from up close or from a distance . trees in the foreground and large buildings in the back ground . two people on a boat with red and green floats in the water behind them . a woman is preparing food on street with another woman looking on next to her .
we were on the plane headed to location . it was a bit cloudy as we arrived . the buildings near our hotel were beautiful . we took a boat to out hotel . we even got lunch from a bike !
a small silver teapot and a paper cup sit on a ledge . it is cloudy in [location] but the buildings still look amazing . a white dome building with a statue mounted in front . two people on a boat in a body of water with trees in the background . an asian man and woman are next to carts . a policeman is in the background
i had a great time at the beach . there were a ton of people out on the beach walking around . i went to a restaurant at night . then i did a little shopping . i bought some sweets as well .
man relaxing on as iron bench facing an ocean a septic photo of a rollercoaster and ferris wheel behind it a large group of birds wandering through a large area of puddled water . palm trees are in front of pink sky . a musician that is playing on the streets of [location] .
we had a great time on the 4th hanging with some friends out by the location location location . the pier was bustling with people , but we managed to go on a few of the rides . as you can imagine , the beach was a zoo , but it sure beat the valley heat . once the sun went down , everything cooled off , and soon the fireworks show began . the pier is also a really happening place for entertainment , and you 'll always be sure to find many street performers .
a man in a purple shirt sitting on a green bench at the beach a [organization] wheel turns lazily under a sepia sky . many people enjoying a sunny day at the beach . tall palm trees close to amusement park at sunset . i always love to watch and listen to the street performers .
the family took a nice trip to the beach . they saw an enormous organization organization . they even got to see all the people on the beach . when the sun fell , they could see the beautiful colors on the skyline . they traveled to the shops and thought about the great day they had .
a man sits on a bench overlooking a pier and amusement park . the farris wheel picture has a sepia color filter . a group of people that are at the beach . the sun is setting beyond the palm trees . a street artist is playing guitar at night .
i went on trip to the country ! i took my grandma with me ! there we saw all sorts or animals including pigs . after a long day in the country , we decided to visit the shops and pub in the village . we decided to end the day with a drink at the village pub .
just hanging around at the lake for peace and quiet an old woman , outside on a road , a little distance away from a two story house . pig sticking nose through hole in green metal door . a woman is standing on the sidewalk in front of a large building a back-lit , elderly woman with a beer glass in front of her seated next to an empty chair with a wine glass in front of it .
grandma is on her way to visit her grandchildren . she has to travel two hours to reach her grandchildren . she gets a drink at the local pub . she takes the walk past this building . she sits on the bench waiting for the bus .
a woman in a jacket stands on grass among foliage in front of a stream . the older woman in the lavender coat is alone on the road a pig 's snout sticking out of a hole in a gate . an old woman waits outside in the village . a woman is sitting alone at a table in a restaurant .
[female] spent the day visiting her grandmother in the village where she lives . her grandma has always lived in the same village . she lived right next to a farm where the owner raises pigs . every morning she strolls through the village and greets her friends . [female] and her grandma always chat over a glass of wine or a beer when she visits .
a woman stands near reeds near the shore of a body of water . she made her way down the cold sidewalk with her winter coat on a pig 's dirty snout sticking out through a pen 's window a woman is waiting at the road in front of [location] [location] . the lady is sitting with her drink taking it easy
upon looking to buy some old items , we found some old roulette wheels . then we saw a bunch of junk and small bottles . my favorite part was the old newspaper boxes . and the old fans were pretty cool ; too bad most did not work . last but not least , i was told all of the phones were hooked up to ring at once !
three wheels that are used for a gambling game a shelf is filled with various kinds of oil cans . three newspaper machines one totally empty all run down . a pile of metal scraps on a shelf in a store shelf with lots of old rotary and office phones
[male] visits an antiques shop . he finds some old signs and stuff . he glances over and sees some typewriters that he really likes . continuing to look around at the typewriters he is debating weather to buy one or not . he quickly learns that none of the items are for sale and it makes him really sad .
various roulette wheels of different styles are displayed . cans of different types of oil are on a shelf green and red newspaper boxes out of commission . various kinds of fans are crowded into industrial shelves . shelves with different types of telephones on them .
look what i have found at the collectors place ! ! ! 1930 's casino machines ! ! ! there were some old signs in one corner . old newspaper vending machines were also there at this place . a huge collection of table fans from 1920-1980 was amazing . this place also has rotary dial phones collected over past 45 years .
three types of roulette wills are set up with price tags . a bunch of food is on display in a shop old newspaper boxes stacked up with old newspapers a shelf with a large amount of fans on it it was soon discovered where all of the older phones had disappeared to .
my first tip to a ballpark was on opening day . there were many people in line to get in . the stands were packed all around the stadium . i even got to enjoy some ice cream . this was the best first date i have ever had !
a picture of the [male] mays gate at a t & t park , which is home to the [location] [location] [location] . a group of protesters stand outside of a brick building . an electronic scoreboard is prominent in the field two women hold ice cream treats in a bleachers . a man and a woman pose for a picture at a sports event .
it was opening day and the crowd was lining up to cheer their team on the new stadium was a great undertaking but it came out looking really good it was a sold out ball game for the opening day and the weather was beautiful the crowd roared as the first pitch was thrown after the ball game the crowd quickly dispersed to their local watering holes
the [male] mays gate entrance of [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] , which is home to the [organization] [organization] [organization] . a gathering of young people , signs in the background say `` no racism in sports . '' a baseball stadium is filled with lots of fans women holding luscious dessert treats at outdoor sporting event . two people sitting in bleachers smiling for a photo .
we went to the new at & t park across the street ! everyone in line was picketing , because there was n't any cell service . we decided to go to a baseball game instead . the baseball game had n't started yet , so we got some smoothies and ice cream ! we had a blast at the ballpark ! there still is n't any cell service though .
[organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] sign home of the san fransico giants a group of people are standing outside with signs a large crowd fills the seats of the stadium . two women sit in the stands while holding sundaes . a man and woman get close for the camera at an event .
this sign typifies the attitude that i have been taking since we arrived in this strange country . coming in on a small boat , this three-building mass was an unexpected sight . just off the coast of the mainland , this is where the evil emperor lives . at night , the lights become fantastic -- dimly lit 24 hours a day by the strange energies down below . and at midnight , the emperor zaps lasers at all his enemies !
a tall building stretching to the sky near a small building . a very large building with [female] mandarin at the very top . the city skyline was modern and majestic as its reflection was mirrored in the water surrounding it . a city skyline with lights coming from all of the buildings fireworks exploding over a city and body of water .
we walked through the city to see what stores were there . some of the building signs were in english . we took pictures of the city from the water . we were in awe of the beautiful lights radiating from the city . at the end of the night , we enjoyed the fireworks .
a large building with a sky scraper on the side of it . a hotel called the [female] mandarin has several floors . a boat in an ocean near a few buildings . a city at night with a lot of different color lights . colorful fireworks are lighting up the sky at night .
a person spent the day in the city on the 4th of july . the person admired the architecture of the nearby buildings . a small abandoned pier made for a scenic picture . as the sun set , the city came alive with color . shortly thereafter , a large display of fireworks was shown .
the tall scraper sits beneath the sea of clouds . an upward angle shot of the [location] [location] [location] . a picture of a downtown city from the view of the water . skyscrapers are alight at night in a city skyline as colorful light reflects off a river . fireworks are exploding over a water and city scene .
the room was full of interested citizens . the men took a photo for keepsake . the brothers were happy to be apart of this movement . everyone was all smiles , outside . mother and father attended as well .
a crowd of people in a room listening to a speaker talk . two men at a gathering turn to smile at the camera . a guy with glasses in a black shirt standing next to a guy in a paisley shirt . on this happy occasion , the man smiles to have been a part of it all . happily married couple smiling at the camera and saying cheese .
everyone gathered for the community meeting . things got a bit tense when they discussed a recent crime wave . attendees still managed to keep their sense of humor . some people had brought their children . none of the organizer had thought about setting up childcare . two young people who were racially profiled by police had their say .
a large group of people all gathered in one room . two men at a conference turn around to look at the cameraperson . a man with glasses is standing next to another guy . a man that is wearing a white hat and a white robe . an elder man places his hand over the shoulder of an old woman as he poses for a snapshot .
i brought my camera with me to the conference . i love to take pictures of people . sometimes i take pictures of complete strangers . there is never a shortage of subjects . i really like some of the pictures i end up with .
a large group of people are sitting and listening to a person talk . men are sitting behind another person in a chair two men with dark hair pose and smile . showing top of man 's head near smiling man in white outfit . happy couple smile for the camera on an average day .
this the most beautiful place on earth even from a distance right on the beach is amazing have you ever been there ? models love shooting here
large rock formations are sticking out of the ocean . a picture of the ocean through the trees . people walk the sandy beach of a cove surrounded by cliffs . ocean waves crashing on a beach between two cliffs rough waves and tides swirl around worn rocks .
i had to post some of these amazing photos from vacation i love this photo of the rocks out in the ocean we spent this day walking the beach looking for shells there are some amazing view of the beautiful water this is one of my favorites on the last day visiting
upright rock formations sit out in the shallow waves . a view of the ocean water with rock formations in the water and shrubs and grass in the foreground . people stand in the sand near a body of clear blue water . huge rock formations lead out from the shore to the open sea . a scenic view of an outcropping of rocks in the ocean .
a visit to the beach was just what i needed . the sound of the water against the shore was so soothing . standing behind the trees made me feel like i was lost on an island . [male] and [male] decided to get closer to the water to see how warm it was . the water was just so beautiful . i 'd love to stay there forever . the waves were so magnificent . i was in awe .
tall rock structures are standing up in ocean water an image of white water waves in a marsh people stand on a beach surrounded on either side by cliffs two cliffs stand close to each other on a beach . a photo of a shore scene with large rocks and choppy water .
officers arrived on the scene of a grisly accident . they discovered a silver dodge ram truck that had been involved in a high-energy accident . tow trucks were called to the scene to remove the totalled vehicle . investigators saw that the airbags had deployed . finally , the street was swept clean to make room for more vehicles .
a police car in [location] is parked diagonally across lanes of a city street . heavily damaged motor vehicle as seen on city street . the truck is pulling a wrecked car on the street . a car after its been in an accident and its airbag blown the person in green is standing next to the yellow car
i was walking down the street when i came across a terrible car accident . one of the vehicles was completely destroyed . they had to bring in a tow truck to remove the wreck . the other car was badly damaged as well . it took them a while to clear that part of the street again .
a police car is driving by at night a vehicle that has been slightly damaged on the road . totaled suv being towed by a tow truck on a city street image of a car with the passenger 's side door open during an accident in the street . a construction worker in the middle of the street at night
the police chased a drunk driver who crashed his car while trying to get away . the toe truck has to remove it from the scene . the air bag deployed so the drive lived . the damaged and clean up blocked the road for hours .
broken glass on the street , the chicago police car is roaming the road . a severely damaged car that was involved in a crash . yellow tow truck pulling brown suv down the street . the picture of a crash scene where an airbag as been deployed . a road worker sweeping the street clean of trash .
we took our son on vacation last week . here he is posing in front of the golden gate bridge ! he liked cars a lot and wants to drive when he turns 16 as soon as possible . we took a classic car driving around for the day . after all that excitement we were tired so we went swimming .
a couple with two young boys are in a house . the boy is fishing from the dock in the sun two boys are in a football position outside . this boy is getting ready to play some touch football . young boy putting on shoulder pads while standing in a field .
dad , mom and the brothers . going fishing for the first time . playing football with his cousin . getting ready for his first game . he did pretty good .
a man is holding a baby while a women is holding has her hand on a child . a young boy standing on the docks fishing and smiling . two males bent down with one hand touching the grass . a young boy wearing a football helmet and a red jersey is kneeling in the grass . an elementary school age boy is wearing a pair of football shoulder pads and smiling .
we took my son on a roadtrip . we stopped to look at the golden gate bridge . he had a lot of fun in the go carts . we stopped in the desert and took a picture . my son was excited to get home .
two adults and two blonde children are posing for a picture . a boy happily fishes from a wood plank pier . two boys in a football stance but only one in a helmet . a young boy wearing a football uniform and a football helmet a little boy is getting his football uniform on .
this is a old house that has a lot of work to be done on the windows need a lot of repairing from broken glass and also the area of the house needs to be clean but overall the land can be brought back up to living status
a dilapidated old house with it 's roof and front porch caved in a white house with flags and icicle lights on display . large beautiful home on a cool [female] day an old house in need of paint and maintenance small house structure with many items displayed outdoor for sale .
this is one of the oldest houses in this historic area . this one has been renovated quite a bit . this one just might be my favorite . however , this one is the largest one i saw . and here you can buy little knickknacks .
a house that is falling down and a red van in the yard . the house is painted white and decorated with christmas lights . a house on a hill in a autumnal day the old house has two colors of peeling paint on it 's siding . a set of furniture and items on sale near a house .
these pictures are from our tour of historical and original one of a kind homes . this beautiful home has a wrap around porch with a built in swing . the tower on this home makes it feel and look so special . although this home was the most run down the inside was immaculate . at the end of the tour there was a little shop with an outdoor market .
a large , old wooden house is falling apart . victorian style home with red roof and white enclosed porch a large yellow house stands on a grass lot with trees in front . a very old looking house with paint chipping off it a photo of all the items that were on sale outside of the house .
i do n't get out in the sun much . when i do , i wear stupid hats . then i look at flags . sometimes i eat cake . with a guy wearing a backward backpack .
men and women pose for a picture indoors . a person sitting down the birthday cake on the table . the two men are sharing a delicious snack . four men making sand castles near the ocean . a woman and two men strapped into something that looks like a flying sleeping bag .
they all gathered together before the event filled day . the birthday cake was a welcomed surprise to him . they enjoyed some coffee before going to the beach . the day was beautiful and the sand was good for building castles . last but not least was the bungie ride . it was a blast .
the group gathered together for a picture at the restaurant before leaving . a surprise birthday party for the birthday boy . two men are sitting at a table and eating people sitting around in a circle building sand castles on the beach . three people that are on a ride that has them strapped together .
this group of friends went on vacation together . while there they celebrated one of their birthdays . the next morning we took him out for a milkshake . then we went to the beach . last but not least , we went on this really fun ride where we all strapped in and swung around .
people are standing and sitting around a pool table a person setting down a cake on a table as other look on . two men sitting at a table at a cafeteria . four people sit on a beach and build a sand castle . three people are swinging from a carnival ride .
the family went to the stadium to watch the game . the family got to watch the players enter the field . the child thought the stadium seats were fun to play with . in the stadium there were lots of people and advertisements . at the end of the game they had stunning fireworks .
man and woman posing in matching hats and shirts in front of a stadium . this is a picture of a child at a stadium of some kind with yellow seats . a marching band performing on a football field . a large sign with various advertisements on it . two fireworks exploding in the nighttime sky from behind a tree .
we were going to a game at location location . the little buy was oddly impressed by the chairs . the band played at halftime . there was also a humanitarian award ceremony . then when it got dark they shot some fireworks as a crowd treat .
a couple that is standing next to the park . a young child is putting down the seat on a chair in a stadium . a band playing on a football field during a game a scoreboard displays information about a person being honored . blue and white fireworks explode in a night sky .
excitement was palpable on the day of the big game . fans young and old could n't wait to take their seats for the pre-game show . the home team 's marching band gave a stellar , crowd-pleasing performance . before the game began , a special tribute was given as an award was bestowed upon a retiring coach . as the sun set and the team ran onto the field , fireworks surprised and delighted the crowd .
they posed in front of the famous ketchup maker where they went on a tour . a small child opens plastic yellow seat in a row of seating . a marching band moves in formation on the field . a crowd stands below a billboard advertising an award given to [male] r. [male] . different types of fireworks that are in the sky .
today we had our scottish festival and parade . i played the bagpipes as we marched . my friend carried the american flag . at the end of the day we lit some sparklers . then we took photos of the designs they made .
a group of men dressed in kilts walk in a parade . a guy wearing a kilt playing a bagpipe in the street a man in a kilt is holding a big american flag on a pole a sparkler firework lets off smoke that obfuscates a view of a woman a series of circles are made with a flaming stick
we marched in this years scottish-american pride parade . one of us played the bagpipes . another friend carried the american flag . once night fell , we had a party . somebody brought sparklers .
a group of bagpipe players marching in a parade a man wearing a kilt and holding bagpipes walks down a street . the man in the kilt is holding the flag a woman plays with fireworks on the street . a woman twirls around a flashy sparkler firework .
people out walking with a sign in a parade . a man is playing a instrument while walking down . another man is walking down holding the flag . then some people are doing sparks fireworks . other people are making designs with their fireworks .
men holding up large sign that says , '' the kilt underground '' . a man walking down the street playing bagpipes and wearing a kilt . a man in a kilt on the street is carrying a large american flag . people are outside playing with fire works at night a woman making pink and green circles with a spakler .
we took a trip to check out some awesome sites . we went over these beautiful bad boys . my lame girlfriend wanted to see the location custom house . so i made her go here out of spite . everyone agreed that mr. t. graffiti was the coolest of the trip though .
a light tower is in the distance beyond a rock the tower in the middle of the ocean is the tallest the bird has his wings spread wide as he flies . large draft horse in black harness standing in the street . a house that is big and ready to be sold .
we took a lovely trip to location last summer and had such a wonderful time . the lighthouses in the ocean are so charming that it kind of makes me want to live here . the seagulls can be a problem though , so keep your eyes open . we even took a ride on a horse drawn carriage to our lovely hotel - now giddy-up , [male] . of course , our hotel had a breathtaking view , as does everything else here .
rocks are the main focus of a picture with the ocean the lights of a city can be seen on the water a bird is in the sky with its wings spread . a horse in a harness pulling a carriage behind him . a house that is painted in blue with a red roof
upon my travels along the beach i come across some strange finds , like this tower in the distance . i wait until night fall to catch a better glimpse of this strange structure . i send my scout gull to see if there is anything dangerous , he reports back that it 's clear . i ride my mighty steed towards the structure to maybe find something cool . upon getting closer , i find this glorious house , which i 'll make my own place to live .
a lighthouse on a sandy beach as seen from a rock sunset of ocean with lighthouse to the left white bird flying alone , blue sky in background , cirrus clouds a horse and buggy resting outside of someones yard a red house with an empty porch is surrounded by trees and shrubs .
beaches can be fun ! there is always a lot of fun to be had in the sand . even when swimming is n't permitted due to danger , it is always nice to relax and soak up the sun . if you are in to thrill , this beach has rides to suit your needs .
two hills of a roller coaster with a car on the shorter one and the name of the coaster on the taller one . the group of seagulls walks behind the droves of people relaxing on the beach . a `` no swimming '' sign hangs over a beach full of people . a far shot of a beach covered with people with some hotels in the background . a large red tower against the back drop of a clear blue sky
i love the roller coaster . and the beach . even if i ca n't swim . i went on the water anyhow . then i saw a tower .
the roller coaster is not running on this windy day . a bunch of birds are on the beach a crowded beach is in front of a no swimming sign . ocean and beach with people swimming and relaxing an image of a ferris wheel that is sitting up high
i came for the rollercoasters . i could ride them all day long . my wife wanted time at the beach . i can only take so much of that . beaches with no swimming signs and lots of people in the water do not make much sense . i like the view offshore looking back at the city . this is a really cool ride . you can see for miles and miles !
a car full of riders are riding a roller coaster on a bright , sunny day . a sandy beach with birds walking and people basking in the sun a sign reading no swimming belies a crowd of beach goers . large crowd of beach goers near body of water with amusement park nearby . a large structure in the middle of the sky
i took a walk to the carnival today since it was a great day . my sister took this picture next to the cherry blossom tree . she even brought her dog with her . the ferris wheel was really pretty lit up . the night was ended with a firework show , we took lots of pictures of it .
the photo depicts a man walking along a path in a wooded area with newly budding trees . a woman is standing next to a tree in full bloom a small black dog being walked in what appears to be a city setting . the ferris wheel is all lit up at night in rainbow colors . the fireworks in the air apaear red in color
i was looking forward to spending the day with my girlfriend . as soon as i saw her walking across the park , i got even more excited . we both love animals , so we had to smile when we saw this dog on our way to the amusement park . i convinced her to ride with me on the organization wheel , and we had such a great time . the best part was watching the fireworks go off when we were at the top of the ferris wheel !
a man is walking on the paved ground near dry grass a young lady standing next to a brilliantly pink bloomed tree a black dog is walking down the sidewalk on a red leash . an out of focus ferris wheel seen at night the fireworks are exploding and are red and blue
we went for a nice walk through the park . i wanted to get a photo of this beautiful cherry tree . this dog looks lost . i hope he finds his way back home . time for a few rides before the fireworks . ah , time for the fireworks display . it looks awesome .
a man walking a residential asphalt trail smiles for a picture . a lady standing beside a very beautiful japanese flower tree . a black dog sits outside on a leash , it does not look well groomed . a [organization] [organization] in motion illuminates the night the firework has bright colors in the sky
new years again . i always get excited when i see the lights and explosions . here is tom trying to take pictures of people . every year i try to tell him it is about the lights , but he never listens . so much smoke from the explosions . we hear the fire trucks in the distance , but paid then no mind . some the the fireworks did not even go higher than the buildings around us . on of the rockets fell down and flew into this building . we had such a blast till the cops came .
a group sets off fireworks at night surrounded by onlookers . a man is taking a photograph of something that has everyone 's attention . smoke hanging over a large crowd of people . pretty fireworks at night depicted next to a building . people gather together in the street at night .
starting the fire work show . setting up and taking pictures of the show . there were fireworks debris on the floor everywhere . the show started above our head . at the end there were smoke and everyone went home .
the people in the street are setting off fireworks at night a street gathering being populated by adults at night . a group of people gathered outside to watch the lighting of fireworks . fireworks go off in front of the building at night . some shops are lit up on a street corner .
the street was crowded with people . we walked in a bright strip . fireworks began to erupt nearby . many men and women joined in . fireworks in the city was a marvelous sight .
people are standing in the street on a dark moonlit night watching fireworks . a man taking a photo of what appears to be a large crowd . blurry pictures of a bunch of people in a parking lot . a set of fireworks that is near the street . people standing by a building in the night time .
everyone was having fun at the family reunion . one irritating thing : father kept bothering everyone about the fireworks he was going to set off . he 'd corner some poor soul and talk about where he got them , how much he paid , how wonderful they would be . when night came , we all prepared ourselves for the big show . it was entertaining , i 'll admit , watching dad holding the sputtering duds in his hands .
three people are doing something to do a red fringed line . several young adults are on an outdoors deck talking . a blonde woman holds her dog in her arms people sitting on a curb for a photograph at night . the man is holding a sparkler on the sidewalk
a family has fun while decorating the yard for a fourth of july celebration at their house . guests gather on the deck , chatting and enjoying drinks . inside , a girl holds a puppy while a man peers inside the garage . it 's night time now and several people sit on a fallen log watching fireworks . one guy stands out on the cement and holds a sparkler as it flares brightly .
a group of males who are playing with some tassels red deocrations outside a blurry picture of a bunch of people on a deck . a woman standing in front of a garage and holding a brown dog . a group of seven people sit and stand by a ledge . a man holds a sparkler that is burning .
the family got together for the celebration they had fun gathering all the fireworks . they had sparklers for those who were less inclined to blow their fingers off . they set off the first one on the ground . they ended the show with the ones high up in the air .
three people are looking at a string covered in decorations several people of various ages sit or stand on a large deck . a woman standing in the doorway of her garage , holding her dog . a group of people are sitting on a brick structure while one stands a man holds a lit firework in the night .
today the group of friends visits a unique town . the town is historic and lit up special for a celebratory occasion . the lights add drama and a certain hint of beauty to the occasion and the fireworks just top it all off . the friends had a wonderful time viewing the beautiful sights together .
a picture of a serene lake and houses are displayed . brick covered bridge over water with dark sky the castle is illuminated with pink and purple lighting . a white and red firework going off next to each other . the group is posing for a night time picture .
as the sun fades the plain arches start to change . first we see a small splash of blue . then it spreads into a pool . it is soon joined by a beautiful pink . it ends with a beautiful fuchsia ! my senses are filled .
the buildings and lights are a reflection on the water . a brightly lit bridge over a river and water feature just after sun down . temple as seen lit up at night time featuring many archways . red and gold fireworks appear over a city at night . a group of people standing next to a street posing for a picture .
the lights show started near dusk . as the sun set , the beautiful lights began to shine . each building had it 's own unique light set up . my friends and i were impressed . in the dead of night , they let off fireworks to accompany the lit buildings . we decided to take countless photos to remember the night of the beautiful lights .
photo of a waterway in a city somewhere surrounded by old vintage decorative buildings . a city bridge is lit up at night in front of the water . the old cathedral is beautiful at night when it is lit up . the fireworks are a great ending of the day . a group of people pose for a picture on the street .
there was a fireworks show this weekend . they started off firing a lto at once . then they slowed down a bit gradually . there was one that looked like a flower from afar . at the end , they set off so many at once !
skyline of a city with multi colored fireworks bursting in the night sky . a large firework goes off in the night sky some different colored fireworks are exploding in the sky . the firework has a long tail on the left side . multiple exploding fireworks in a night sky above trees .
it 's 4th of july and everyone is celebrating . these fireworks can be seen from a hill on the edge of town . the show lasts for over an hour . someone in the crowd set this one off and was quickly arrested . finally comes the grand finale for the end of another great holiday .
the large fireworks explosion ; it up the night sky a night sky filled with colorful exploding fireworks . a cluster of red fireworks lights up the night sky . a fireworks display lights up the sky in front of the water . fireworks are exploding in the sky in various colors .
lots of fireworks in the distance tonight . the family observes them from a far . the kids ask to get closer but the parents say no . they decide to light sparklers close by instead . in the distance the grand finale starts .
a large firework explodes in the sky near some buildings . a bouquet of fireworks light up the sky . a beautiful firework display in the clear night sky the large and bright sparkler brightens up the sky fireworks burst in the night above a tree-lines landscape .
every year we go to an outdoor christmas event . the entire neighborhood is lit with lights . there are even some indoor displays . a miniature train ride takes kids around the park . [female] and i like to walk with hot chocolate and check out the lights .
an outdoor display of several lit [location] 's at night . different colored lit lights decorating trees and poles outside at night a collection of objects that are in the business . a colorful train moves through brightly lit arches a couple smiling with colorful christmas lights behind them
to get into christmas cheer i went to a light presentation . this gingerbread house looked adorable and yummy . lights lit up the sky . the polar bear looked cool but menacing . i wish location would come and bring me some presents .
a lawn filled with assorted christmas decorations . an image of a canadian flag lit up at night a large group of christmas toys surrounded by christmas decorations a train passes under a lit arch through a holiday lights display . two people pose in front of christmas lights . it is cold ; both the man and the woman are wearing winter clothing .
the festival of lights started off with lots of santas on the lawns . the trees were draped in lights and there was even a canadian flag . there were also non-lighted displays that you had to get closer to see . the walkway had arches with lights on them to show you the way . my girlfriend and i enjoyed ourselves .
saint claus has now become a major character in the annual celebration of christmas . a lighted display with the lighted canadian flag as the center piece of the display . the wooden toys are on a table with decorations a small train entering a tunnel of lit decorations at night . a man and woman pose in front of yard decorated in a holiday scene and colorful lights .
the museum was very large and beautiful in structure . many people were enjoying the different exhibits inside . statues were scattered throughout the museum for everyone to view . creepy skulls were on display , but it was very interesting to see ! it must have took a long time to create all the sculptures that were inside the museum .
an ornate building with a steeple and an arched window with a scroll design in it . people explore a statue and other exhibits in a museum . four levels of the inside of a building , easily seen into due to the glass windows . hieroglyphics on an ancient temple wall being displayed this is a marble cut out depicting a hunt of a hog .
as we arrived at the museum , i could n't help but be awed at the scale of the extraordinary architecture . inside was cozy and crowded , with a sculpture pointing the way to the artifact room . my girlfriends and i blushed politely at the nude , bronze adonis , arms outstretched , and rocking his lack of modesty . we found the caveman room , and found a skull that had a bigger forehead than that girl in the tv show `` under the dome '' . looking at the mural of the killing of the tusked creature by the greeks was an entertaining and exciting end to our museum visit .
photo from the ground looking up at the outside of an old church . a group of people walking in a large room with a white statue in the middle of it . many floors of a large building with glass windows are shown . sculptured stone wall blocks depicting ancient historical markings . a base relief of men engaged in a hunt for an animal .
this is the front of a very old building , looks like it may be a museum . once inside i realized it is a museum with so many interesting pieces of old tradition . there were 3 floors and each of them with themes of all kinds of cultures . this piece has a very egyptian vibe to it , its powerful . this one has a very roman greek feel to it and is equally beautiful to the rest .
a picture of a church is taken at a very low angle . the inside of a museum very busy with people . some people are in a museum or art gallery . a stone wall has symbols written on it a carving that has been sculpted by an artist .
i was very excited for halloween this year . i invited all of my friends to my house . we got together for a big party . afterward we were really tired . the next day some of us were still in our costumes .
a statute of [organization] [organization] is holding a seal and trident . a group of people are dressed up and bunched together . a woman with a pink hat , black beaded necklace , and black sweatshirt with her hands in air . several children in costumes sit on a red sofa . a fancy dress outfit depicted with a mask .
we took the kids to the costume parade in the city . the kids insisted on dressing up , even though it 's not really a participatory parade . i let them , because it 's fun to dress up . we stayed at a friend 's house , and all crashed on her couch . the next day , my son [male] was up early , eager for the parade !
a statue of a green poseidon holding a walrus . a group of people posing together in costume . a woman with dangling necklaces and a pink festive hat smiles for the camera . two women and a child sitting on a red couch . a child is wearing a costume of a green iridescent cape and a feathered mask .
`` i am incredible hulk 's dad , and i will command this baby seal to defeat you all . '' `` not if i have anything to say about it , hulk 's dad . i will send my greatest warrior against you . '' ~the horse whinnies approvingly~ 'i am skullman 's greatest warrior . i will defeat hulk 's dad . '' `` this movie sucks . next time , i pick the movie at redbox . ''
the statue of the king with a sea lion in his hand looked weird . they posed for a picture with their silly costumes a woman is in the celebrating mood with her beads and hat . the three ladies are seated on a red couch a child dressed for trick or treating poses on the sidewalk .
this is our annual trip to the lake . it looks quite dry and barron . this is the actual lake . the water is quite low right now . we see a variety of different wildlife . lots of different ducks and swans . this is a long walkway that litterly goes almost across the lake . here we have acorns on the trees . its getting to be autumn .
over grown grass growing around a chain link fence with barbed-wire at the top . one bird walks on the water island pads alone in its search for food . a lone bird is wading in the water close to shore a pier with overgrown grass and a dock that is falling apart . a pine comb is dangling from a branch .
it was a calm day at the lake . animals were swimming around . birds were exploring the water . there was n't a single person around . it was a great day out by the lake .
grass is growing tall in a field that is dry a bird with long legs is on a lake with a little bit of brown grass in the front . a white crane standing in the water by a dock . a body of water that has a wooden pier . a pinecon in a pine tree during the daytime .
this year i went fishing at the lake . the water was nice and the weather was warm . i saw a few large birds near the shore . there was nobody else on the docks ! afterwards i collected some pinecones for dinner .
a fence line with dead , dry brush , in the middle of a field . a bird is standing on shallow water behind tall grass a white water bird wading in the shallows of a brushy shoreline . an empty wooden pier sits above the water a brown pine cone hanging on a tree
this airport had many airplanes including this parked one . there were also many buggy cars around to carry people . the airport was extremely busy that day . people were able to board the plane after an hour . the view from the plane after takeoff was amazing !
getting ready to check the planes to get ready to go . the plane is flying over the calm ocean below . the wing of an airplane is seen in cloudy hazy weather looking out the airplane window , airplane wings and the runway are seen the vans are waiting outside the large stadium .
another trip just when i was looking forward to relaxing at home . i 'm flying into the dawn , but all i want to do is curl up and go back to bed . touch down . why does everyone still clap ? a delay is exactly what i did not need . we are already here . let us out . the captain just announce we will need to sit here for three hours while they repair a mechanical issue .
an airport terminal that is showing a row of trucks that are lined up and waiting for a plane to arrive . a picture of the wing of a jet as it cruises with clouds in the background . the tip of a wing is seen over a runway at a foggy airport . the view of an airplanes wing taken from a passenger seat airport drop off location with vans sitting outside
we took a trip in an airplane . the airplane got so high in the air . then we landed to our destination . after that the airplane pulled up to the tarmac . finally , we were able to get off of the airplane .
the man walks across the runway next to the vehicles lined up . an airplane wing soars above a gray sky . the wing of a plane about to take flight . a view out of a plane looking at runway gear and hazy sky . the building with the many windows was the airport .
during the morning , the streets are empty . as people start to wake up , so does the city . it 's going to be a beautiful day in the city . the rail system is getting ready for a busy day . the sun wakes up the city .
a european street with old greek style buildings and victorian houses lining it . the statue is on top of the cement monument . a mountain with snow on top and homes in front a big plateau with cars and snow on the slope a snowy scene of a city taken from a hillside with a lake in the background .
last weekend i was on vacation in location . i saw many wonderful buildings . the entire city looked so old . it was winter time when i went . there was snow covering the ground in a lot of places .
a columned building stands opposite a row of buildings on a street . a statue stands in the middle of an old european town ornate buildings are in front of snowy mountains scene of railway depot in large urban city . a large city that is surrounded by water .
the spectacular mountain side village was enourmous ! we enjoyed exploring the town everyday ! the festivities were unlike any others we have experienced . the town as special and we saw it all ! viewing the architecture was an enjoyable way to explore the city during our vacation .
the road being walked on be people is tarmacked a city square with a large statue at its center . the mountains have snow on them in the distance multiple overlapping train tracks seen from a distance a city next to a river is covered in snow .
this small town is just a small portion of the surrounding area . the land is untouched by civilization . it is big and vast and full of life . the water is crystal clear and makes its way all the way out to the ocean . it is a unique an charming little place .
a historically restored pharmacy store front with a phone booth outside several rolling hills with green vegetation and purple flowers in the background . large ridge area with several peaks surrounded by trees . a very blue river strolls through the country side a group of water that is near the shores of the beach .
this weekend we went to the location location location . we pass through many hills on our walk . this mountain formation was so beautiful and made me realize how peaceful and serene nature is . the river flowed forever . at the end of the day we finally reached the end of the trail and there was a beach .
this is an old fashioned white building on the street lavender plants growing on a grassy field in front of a hill . a large tan rock face rises behind an expanse of green vegetation . a scenic view of a river winding between golden grassy hills . a birds eye view of the ocean and a beach surrounded by trees and bushes .
on our vacation we traveled through several small towns , each one of them unique . outside of the towns we often saw rolling meadows lined with flowers . the meadows , in turn , were lined with rocky mountain cliffs , such as this one . laying between the mountains and the meadows were some beautiful rivers . finally after passing over one last mountain , we arrived at the beach . our vacation destination was achieved .
a classic-looking pharmacy on a busy street ; a red telephone booth is next to it . a hilly land scape with no vegetation in the day time tall rocky structures and lush green grass on a cloudless day . a blue river flows through a brown plain aerial view of a beach with a greenish ocean lapping against the sand .
today i decided to go to a location location 's day parade . i 'm irish so i loved seeing all the irish stuff . the people were really into it too . there were even horses in the parade . the music was great and i really enjoyed myself .
people are carrying a flag for st patrick 's day the face of a leprechaun is stuck inside a giant yellow letter u . a man is wearing a fake mustache and a hat . people on horses having a parade with flags . a male wearing a hat is playing the bagpipes .
there is nothing more fun then a location location day parade . an irish leprechaun leads the parade in celebration . not far behind him is an irish clown carrying a saxophone . also involved are riders on their horses . this group includes a man with bag pipes .
people from local 39 walking in a parade . a leprechaun statue sits with an american and irish flag sticking out of its hat a man with an inflatable saxophone has fun in his costume . men riding horses carrying flags in a holiday parade . a man plays a bagpipe while looking away .
the parade we went to had a bunch of cool cars this is one of the cars i really liked then this one passed by and grabbed my attention after the cars went by , the band marched then i took pictures of the pretty girls that were in the parade
people wearing green in a parade holding a large banner . a colorful representation of an irish leprechaun festive outdoor event with costumed participants during parade . a parade of gentlemen upon horses carrying flags . a guy dressed in a gray suit jacket playing bag pipes
a young man speaks in front of the congregation . several people stand while reading along . the woman is speaking to the congregation . two worshippers listen to the speaker . the congregation follows along with the lesson plan .
the boy is speaking at the front of the church this morning . a choir is performing at a church gathering . a female minister preaching while two other people listen . a man and a woman sitting in what appears to be a church numerous people attending church , standing , and signing hymns
the crowd is singing . a guy is at a podium talking . a woman starts talking at the podium . the crowd is listening . everyone starts reading .
a young man gives a speech at a church event . members of a church choir sing as the congregation stands up and a boy prays . a woman and other delegates give a hearing . two people are sitting in church listening to a minister speak . a group of people in a building reading and reciting text from paper .
last sunday , i acted as [male] pastor at my church . many people showed up to sing in the choir for the service . i was a little nervous but the pastor was very patient . everyone seemed to be listening closely and paying attention . i noticed many people singing along and seeming to enjoy the day .
a black man standing at a podium lit by candles . a group of people are singing in a church a group of three are gathered around a podium . two people wearing glasses sitting in a church . people are holding papers and standing in church .
everyone began to pull their cars up to the lake . today was the triathlon , many were here to participate and watch . after the swimming , they moved onto running . with that down , only biking is now left ! and here is [male] on the winners podium , all that training paid off !
three people are getting supplies out of the back of two suv 's in preparation for a camping trip . an image of people swimming in a body of water spectators watch triathlon athletes sprint past them in their wetsuits . the man is riding a bike and is barefoot three competitors stand on the podium at the end of the race .
a biking and swimming event is taking place at a lake . a group of people get in the lake and swim across it . once they are done with that they run to their bikes . they take off on their bikes for the finish line . the winners are pictured above .
the people are packing up their stuff after a fun week of camping . many swimmers in natural body of water wearing gear a crowd looks on as a runner in black clothing passes then at the # 8 marker . a man is riding a bike in a race three men stand on platforms after playing a game
i went to my first triathlon last week and stayed at a campground nearby . the first leg of the event was swimming . the next leg of the event was running . the last leg of the event was cycling . prizes and awards were given out after the event was over .
three poeple packing up their supplies into a car by the lake . several people in the water with red and yellow swim caps . spectators watching athlete 's during outdoor race event decathlon event . people are behind a fence watching a man on a bike the winners are standing on the winners block for all to see .
today was the day . the big trip . there were buildings . crowded public places . and a fountain .
the front of an old brick building is deserted of people . a huge old red brick building boasts a clock on its facade . the front of a building has a pole and windows the people are standing up behind the fence . a water fountain sprays high in a plaza surrounded by old buildings and tourists .
the city was filled with old historic buildings and this one was amazing . the people were gathered around the square to enjoy the city . the center fountain was an attraction for all . the statues near the building were amazing . the building was a bright colorful orange with great attention to detail .
the old ruins in this town offer a history unique a bronze sculpture in front of a large building with a clock . the door and the window are all closed . the door and the window panes are made of glass . a group of people that are surround the structure in the middle . a fountain that is near the big buildings .
[male] was on a sightseeing tour for the first time . location is a place full of history . she loved taking pictures of the fountains . some of the sculptures also caught her eye . the architecture was fantastic . she had a wonderful time during her trip .
the old section of the town was a bit run down , with windows sealed up and boarded . a clock that is on the side of the walls . police station with a stone facade with wooden door . a group of people watching something in a circle . a large fountain shoots water into its reservoir in a large square .
in the distance , the winding road led to an old church that contrasted against he darkening sky . the weather seemed like it may take a turn for the worst , but against the outline of a fence , the skies cleared again . looking across the rolling and expansive field , the area seemed to stretch on for miles . amongst the brush there seemed to be a lone flowering plant that stood out against the other plants in the terrain . a clear few of the landscape showcased the rolling skies above and the bales of hay below .
a two story white clapboard house sits at the end of a winding beaten path past a stone gate . gated pathway leading to wide open space for venturing . an arial view of a country side with lots of fields . rocks arranged in a way to create a fence clouds hover over a large expanse of grassland .
the pasture is a great place to go to be alone because there 's no one in sight . the only company around is the numerous trees and the clouds in the sky , which makes it the best place to go to be alone and to reflect on your life .
grass that is in the fields of the mountains . the road stretches long next to the green fields . the vast valley of grass and trees is a sight to admire . the view of the land with clouds and orange flowers up front was enough to sale the green fields can be seen for miles on end .
nice beautiful home with gated fence for privacy sets on acres of land colorful flowers that bloom very pretty overall nice wonderful view to see and live
white farm house in country field on beautiful land . gated pathway near rock wall with pedestrians walking in background . the country landscape is green with lush grasses and trees . a scenery that depicts the meadows , as well as the mountain side of a country . a beautiful view of a field surrounded by mountains .
[female] looks really cool with the lights shining behind her . this view of the water was unforgettable . i think [female] and [male] had a little too much to drink . we call them the three musketeers ; they are never far from each other . everyone started dancing to a song by lady gaga .
a woman with dreadlocks sits in a white chair . a town that is brightly lit at night near the waters . a close-up view of people in a party atmosphere . a woman has her arms around an overweight woman wearing black an a man in a brown shirt . all three people are smiling at the camera while other people dance in the area . a goofy dude dances awkwardly with other people .
going out and being out on the town is fun to do sometimes . the water is so calm and serene at night . everyone is out with the intention of fun with them . good times are happening and we will have fun tonight . a little dancing would not hurt as well .
a woman with dreadlocks is sitting outside and talking to the person taking the picture . a lit up city skyline seen from across the water at night . an asian woman is drinking and laughing at a party . three people getting their picture taken in a very busy night club . a man having fun and dancing among many women .
we got to the party and had no idea what was going on . we where out on a boat with some people . we drank and partied . it got wild real fast . we kept going all night never stopping .
a woman that is sitting next to the friends . a cargo ship docked at night with lights on . people dancing with red drink cups in hand a group of friends smile together at a party a man dancing at a party with a bunch of other people .
we visited a beautiful old church . the church had been erected by the early colonists . at the time , they were still loyal to the [male] ; his crest is seen outside the door . i could imagine each brick being placed by a different set of hands ; one community come together to contribute to a great task . they built their tribute to god , then sat in eternal rest at its feet .
the side of the building has several tombstones . the old relic is labeled from the 1618 time period a hieroglyph of a house is scratched onto a wall . old chapel set around a park made from large stones a stone cross on top of a castle tower .
this is my favorite chapel . it was built in 1618 . there are even carvings on it 's walls . the cemetery outside date back to the 1600s too . god is always present .
the cemetery is just outside of the brick church . the numbers and design are carved into the concrete . writing carved on a some type of rock or stone wall . the building in picture is made of brown bricks the cross on the building symbolized the death of christ .
in location , things are so much older than in the location ! it 's a very common thing to find houses with dates like 1618 , or older . there are little historic details everywhere , like this ancient graffiti ! the graveyard have graves that go back 1000 years . the churches are full of details carved hundreds of years ago . i love seeing them .
a grave yard with many crosses next to a church the numbers one six one eight with a green backdrop . a house is drawn into the wall of a building . tree branches obscuring the view of a building . stone crucifix with little fleur de lis on the arms
[male] was speaking to the people . they were ready for change . the city needed to change or it would die . they knew how important this was , because they loved the city . after his speech , his people greeted him .
three men stand on the stage , making an announcement . a crowd of people looking onto an unspecified event . a group of people outside on a sunny day with aman on abike . a man in green waves down to a crowd that is carrying many green flags . a helicopter on a rooftop with the door open
there was a rally event today at the park . many people attended . some even showed up on bicycles . there was a large crowd . there was even a helicopter .
two men in green and one man with a white striped shirt addressing others . a crowd of people are gathered around the podium to learn the results of the contest . a man with a bicycle on a sunny day . a group of individuals looks down at a colorful crowd holding flags . a helicopter getting ready to take off in front of people .
the man was giving a speech for the crowd that lovely day . the crowd was gathered around the speaker listening intently . a man is seen on a bike next to the crowd and helicopter . the man is waving good bye as he prepares to exit . the man is preparing to get into the helicopter to his destination .
three man standing next to a yellow railing . a group of adults stand and watch a performance outside . a man enjoys a bike ride on a crowded sidewalk . a large crowd stands below a balcony with three people on it . a helicopter on the ground surrounded by people with green flags
location location is the best place to stop on a road trip for snacks . we are sure to get ice cream first . when you are on vacation , you get to eat dessert first . after that is hot dogs and soda and fries . the adults get a shot of coffee for the long drive . and we always get a picture with [male] before we leave .
big sign has six smaller signs of companies nearby . the top of a ride that looks like a sombrero . a business that is selling hot tomales in its business . a building for an ice cream store is large the outside store front of a brightly painted t-shirt shop .
old town location location has finally opened to the public . there is a sombrero drop ride in the parking lot . and a hot tamal 's restaurant for visitors to eat . another option for food is the ice cream shop . a t-shirt shop is also in the parking lot for visitors to shop before leaving .
a sign shows the stores that are in this shopping center a yellow metal tower with a circular deck near the top . the sign outside the restaurant south of the border . a large ice cream store at [location] [location] [location] [location] is empty . you ca n't miss the t-shirt shop , it is the brightest one on the street
for summer we went to location location which is a neat park . there were many neat looking things to see . there was a place to get hot tamales which were delicious ! we got ice cream next , considering the tamales were so hot . afterwards we got t-shirts and decided that we were done for the day !
a large sign advertising `` fort [male] '' firecrackers and artillery shells . a bright yellow and red tower stands starkly against a blue sky . a restaurant at the south of the border called hot tamale a large blue building that sells ice cream with a deserted parking lot . the empty parking lot is all around the [location] [location] .
the macro view of this piece of nature reveals some of the beauty of god 's creation . however , a micro view also shows the magnificence of creation as we see in this small animal . the flora produces art worthy of any artist . the evidence of erosion being caused by root growth in addition to weathering adds interest to the micro view . finally , life giving water is captured in a small creek that flows from time to time . beauty is visible in the small as well as the large .
the man is standing on the rock formation and waving . a dark yellow snail is on the rocky ground . wild flowers are growing in a field under a blue sky . a close-up view of some sort of white mineral . a look at the mountains below , also the water .
my doofus husband waving at me . my back hurts . why did he make me carry the camera ? disgusting ! we 're not french ! i told my husband i found something more slimy than him ! we came across this field full of nasty yellow flowers , and my allergies just started acting up . then , there were these mineral out-croppings rockier than our marriage . when i thought our trip could n't get any worse , i saw this . totally in the middle of nowhere and no cell reception !
a person is standing on a bunch of rocks a live slug on a bed of small rocks and pebbles . loving the flowers in the orchard by the trees . a large quartz formation among some smaller rocks . a beautiful view from the top of a mountain
standing on the rocks saying hi to the camera . spotted an interesring looking snail , it was a greeish yellowish color . the grass was filled with purple and yellow flowers . even found some crystals forming on the side of a rock . this scene is completely breathtaking , i do n't ever want to leave .
a man on a rock formation waving hello . a slug making it 's way over rocky ground . bright yellow and blue flowers cover a wild field in the spring . a crystal is coming out of a rock formation a view of the green mountain and a lake on a hilltop .
guarding the package so mom can open it . what can it be , what can it be ? opening the present i 'm so excited . a brand new i pad , just what i wanted . checking out my new i pad online .
a young collie dog guards a sealed package on a rug . a wrapped gift with a bow resting on a carpeted stair way . hey woman excitedly holding a package on her lap a female smiling while opening a box with an ipad in it . young girl with ipad in hand using a computer , probably for the larger screen .
i got my gift in the mail today . i was very excited . i could hardly contain myself . it was very expensive . i plugged it in right away .
a dog sitting by a package on the floor . a brighly colored present decorated with a blue bow sits on the stairs . a woman sitting on a couch opening a package a girl in a tank top opening a box with an ipad in it a woman sits at a desk and is using a pc and a tablet at the same time .
received a package in the mail . she received a birthday present . excited to open it . it is an ipad . setting it up with her imac .
a dog lays on the floor next to an unopened package . colorful and bright wrapped present with a blue bow . a girl with a lot of cleavage is sitting on a sofa opening a package . the girl is happy as she opens a box containing a tablet . a woman working on a [organization] desktop and ipad .
[male] was on a mission to find the best food in the area . he found chicken that was acceptable . meet other people on similar missions . ultimately , the best food in the area was down an unbeaten track near a stoney beach . the scenery on the way there was the best . and at a family themed restaurant , he had the best meal he ever ate . thus fulfilling his mission !
a breakfast that consists of potatoes and baon a plate of bacon and a bottle of soda are on the table for the guests . the man and the woman at the rail beside the water two lines of cars waiting to move through a parking garage . three men that are wearing jacket engage in a photo opportunity .
our first breakfast on the cruise ship . we enjoyed a little 7up while eating . then we took a stroll on the deck . we checked out the cars in the garage of the ship we asked a bystander to take this photo of the three of us
a breakfast plate with bacon and potatoes cooking in the background . people making something to eat , there is bacon on the plate . a man that is looking into the sky in the boat . the traffic is completely stopped in the underground tunnel . a group of three friends taking a picture together
i made some breakfast for everyone today . i made a lot of bacon . when i got to the ferry we had to wait for a while . i put my car inside . it was a fun ride .
a plate full of bacon is draining fat on a napkin . a group of people in a kitchen grabbing food to eat . a man and a woman on a boat with the man looking over the railing at the water . vehicles parked on ferry during water transit crossing . three people standing outside wearing jackets in the cold .
a military parade proceeds through the town today . uniformed members of our armed services march through proudly . some re-enactors also participate such as these revolutionary war soldiers . you will also see civil war re-enactors proudly displaying their uniforms . military parades are always full of pomp and circumstance .
flag bearers and guards walking at the front of a parade . men that are in uniforms , hats , and white gloves . some people in uniform are walking together playing flutes . men are participating in a civil war reenactment before a crowd . a group of people standingin the street holding flags
i went to a founders day parade . there were a lot of veterans parading . there were some people who reenact historic battles in the parade . these men pretend to be civil war soldiers . the marching band was enthusiastic and loud , but not very good .
six police officers walking side by side holding two flags . a color guard somberly mrches with guns and flags a group of flutists play their instruments and walk through a parade . men in military uniforms walk the street in a reenactment . the band is being lead by the flag team .
i went to a parade last weekend . the parade had a colonial band . the band had many flute players . there was also a high school marching band . after the parade was over , people followed in behind it .
a marching honor guard in a parade on a city street a line of old men wearing uniforms and carrying guns or flags . several young women playing flutes walking down the street in a parade . the soldiers hold the flag while standing in line the flag twirlers with the marching band were amazing
on their trip to location , they arrive in front of a river . they decide to check out the city . they think its too packed with people , so they go sight seeing . the indoor poor tempts them , but they decide not to jump in . they come across some ducks .
a black boat is sitting in a river pedestrians walking past a shop with a sign that reads `` cocoahouse . '' an ancient looking bridge on a cold day . an observatory nearby a small body of water . one bird is on the rock and the other in water
this european city was a hub for tourists . the buildings were old and some of them had important events take place at them in the past . the bridges were from the 19th century . a lot of the statues memorialized old heroes of the town . this particular building was a historic landmark .
the boat is making its way down the canal by the park . people walk down the commercial district of old city . a brick bridge is crossing a large river . an open pool of water with visitors walking around the surrounding pillars . two ducks are in or near a shallow river
a nice long stroll into the city . the city looks to be fun filled and very lively . the small river with the old bridge is looking good . as we get closer to it , we still off by one of the buildings that is near and get closer to the water . a few ducks are on the water cap off the day .
a tour boat travels down the river on pretty day . a bunch of people walking on the street next to stores . a city full of older buildings sits on a river . the front of the building is surrounded by water . top view of ducks in and around a body of water .
i went for a charity swim on the beach today with my daughter . the water was extremely cold . my daughter took a picture of me because i look so much taller then everyone else on the beach . from where we 're standing on the beach , you can see the ferris wheel beautifully . they gave us a shirt and certificate for diving into the cold water .
a large crowd of people assembled on the beach ocean swimmers on an overcast day , enjoying the water and watching boats go by . [male] just had to stop and say hello to us as we watched the others brave the cold . the ferry wheel was visible from the street by the many people . a man and a young girl posing for a celebratory photo
an annual even in town is the polar plunge , where people run into the freezing cold ice water . the brave people are in the water ! after they come out , they quickly dry off with towels . there are many people watching this event from the beach . to the participants of this event , they receive a t shirt and certificate indicating that they did it .
a large crowd gathered on the beach enjoying themselves . several people are playing in the water and waves a man that is covered in a blanket to be warm . people are in a crowd in front of a [organization] wheel . a man and girl holding up certicificates and tshirts from a polar bear event .
in the middle of winter , the organization organization organization takes a swim in the ocean . [male] and [female] took the plunge this year . it was freezing . [male] wrapped a towel around himself immediately . [male] and [female] got awards for being so brave . they went and celebrated in a warm restaurant for lunch .
people walking on the beach and wearing a jacket . a beach with a few people in the waters edge a man wrapped in a yellow and white beach towel on a crowded beach . a ferris wheel at the park waits for riders she is a member of the [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] [organization] and she achieved her duties .
[female] [male] went out on halloween . she met a world famous mariachi singer . she also found another fellow viking named [male] . a couple intoxicated women threw potatoes at her . but she was saved by this whimsical old man .
a woman wears a viking helmet with other accessories such as a slice of cheese , dice , and other accessories . 2 people dressed up and posing for camera two people that are wearing big viking helmets . people walking in a parade wearing costumes , and the two in front are wearing one white and red , and the other red and white . a woman is dressed up as vikings , and a man dressed in magician .
the parade was always a fun time for friends to get out , dress silly , and drink a lot of alcohol ! almost everyone wore a costume ; the more outrageous , the better ! red was a popular color chosen by many . the only people that were n't completely drunk my midday were the ever serious marching band . after the parade there was a free concert .
a woman with heavy eye makeup wearing a decorated viking cap . a viking and cheesehead woman poses with a man with [organization] [organization] beads . a man and a woman in viking hats on their heads . a group of people walking in the road and playing a group of people that are next to each other .
it was viking day ! i dressed to impress . my father in law got in on the fun as well . my best friend [male] grew a beard in support . together we marched through the town in the oddest clothes . in the evening we partied . even the elderly joined in .
a woman that is wearing a viking hat and make up . a man and a woman in costumes are outside . man and woman dressed up with viking helmets on their heads . two people in costumes walking with large group along street people dressed up in costumes outside in the evening .
they were great statues outside the academy many were attending a graduation the man gave an emotional speech and paid tribute to the armed forces with many more statues outside of the building
a statue that is near the local park . an auditorium filled with blue chairs and a lot of people sitting and standing . dignitaries from all over the world gather to repay their respects to the fallen . a group of men in uniform standing in a line . a statue of a man in a combat uniform under a cloudy sky .
the auditorium was beginning to fill up . it did n't take long . in minutes it was filled to capacity . he joked he hoped they would n't have to call the fire marshals . then he addressed the graduating class .
statue of military personal with a lamp post in the background . a school graduation ceramony set up in a school gym the man at the podium is speaking to the crowd . a group of cadets in navy blue uniforms with heavy coats stand in a line on a cold sunny day . the statue depicts a soldier holding a weapon .
the church service was about to begin in 15 minutes . as time went on , the seats became more and more full . two minutes before the service started , the hall was almost full . reverend [male] and his wife [female] came on the stage and started the sermon . then they introduced the visiting minister for his service .
a statue gazes in the distance on a stormy day . a group of people that are sitting in blue chairs . a group of people listening to a mans speech a group of people that are in their blue outfits . the tall statue holding the gun in fire with pack on back
i was very nervous yesterday during my tennis game . many people had shown up in the audience to watch the match . i tried to do my best even though i was a bit shy . i ended up injuring myself during the match and we had to stop . the match was cancelled due to my injury and was rescheduled . everybody had to go home .
practicing for the big tennis tournament coming up . a sign that is sponsored by the company [organization] . a woman on a tennis court holding a racket . the coach helping a tennis player stretch out before playing . a tennis court with no players playing on it
the tennis player got ready to serve the ball . the board showed the score of the two players . it was the other player 's turn to serve . she was about to serve the ball . she accidentally fell down mid serve , and had to get help . the court was cleared off for the next match .
a woman getting ready to hit the tennis ball . a picture of a crowd at a sporting event with a jumbo monitor behind them . a tall athletic blonde in tennis whites , playing tennis . a tennis player is having an injury tended to crowd watching a tennis match on a grass court .
it 's time for the local doubles match . the crowd is excited and waiting for the match to start . it is time for the first serve . it goes over the net and they wait for the return . unfortunately the match gets heated and someone injures themselves . go team tennis .
a woman in a white uniform holding a tennis racket . a scoreboard at a football game behind the ground a woman is standing on a court holding a tennis racket the injured player is stretching with the coach before the game . a green tennis court in a stadium area .
we went on vacation to a lovely beach town . the town was bustling , with plenty of people . even the old man was having a blast ! we visited a plethora of beaches . we even went on a boat !
land amidst much se with hazy skies the town have the same structures of houses a man standing in front of a red car in a parking lot . a rusted boat on the light blue green water . mountains loom in the background of this photo of the [location] [location] [location] .
my friend and i visited the shore of a location country . we walked on the ridge and looked out over the white buildings of the town . the water was beautiful , and we were able to get close to it on the pier . nearby , an old rusting freighter had run aground and was abandoned . at night , the place took on an ethereal quality .
a sandy beach surrounded by rocky terrain and a hazy horizon . view overlooking a town of villas on the oceans edge . a man standing beside a row of cars outside a large boat sits near a beach in bright blue water . what a majestic view from the top of the parking garage .
i checked out the beach while on vacation . on one side of the parking lot , you could see the city . on the other side of the parking lot you could see the ocean . we saw a huge ship travel by . it was so fun , we stayed until the sun went down .
a beach scene with the waves crashing up on the sand . an ariel view of a city along the waterfront . a man walking through a parking lot of cars . rusty boat off the shore of desolate sandy beach this is a picture of a building that is white
the crack in this road needs repair . the tractor dug up the damaged area . the truck with the tar came by and laid out the tar . next came the roller to smooth it all out . here are two of our finest very proud of their hard work .
some minor cracks in the asphalt of an already repaired road a constructions works looks over his shoulder from a machine . a road worker is overseeing construction being done steam roller smoothing out fresh macadam on a road . two men in orange and yellow safety vests stand on the side of the road where they are working .
the construction crew was hard at work . they were repaving a road . they did some work by hand . they did some with the machines . they had a job well done !
a view of asphalt that has been cracked and repaired over time . man in construction vest on roller compacting ground worker with bright orange vest standing behind a utility vehicle . group of road workers and equipment working on road the two workers are posing for a picture.|the two workers are posing for a picture .
hard at work on a hot summer day . the roads look like new once they are finished . he rakes the fresh asphalt and it keeps it from clumping . the big rollers then roll over it to compress it all together . dedicated and hard working are our road workers .
the paved street has many cracks on its surface . a construction worker doing road work operating heavy equipment . a worker in an orange vest stands behind the street cleaning truck . a man driving a piece of heavy equipment used to construct the road two men who are roadside workers posing at a stop sign with other workers working .
i went to visit my family last week . i was very happy to see my relatives again . they were all excited to see us too . we had a great time hanging out together . afterward we all went to the park with the children .
a group is having their picture taken at church . an older school picture of a red head boy in a stripe shirt the dad and his daughter is playing and having fun . a man is giving bunny ears to a man and woman on a couch . a man and children are standing outside of a parked car
hey there , filbert . how do you like my short jean shorts ? just me and my lilli . oh yeah , go location horseshoe team ! hey , say cheese . what 's this ? a speeding ticket ? haha , good luck with that .
four men and two women pose in two rows in front of a stage set for musicians . photo of young boy with red hair and multi colored striped shirt . a man holding a little girl in his arms . man and woman sitting on couch with person giving bunny ears in the background . a man is holding two cans of soda , as two girls head to the sidewalk .
before leaving for our trip to the lake the family poses in a yearly tradition . of course , we remember [male] who we miss very much . [male] loves to play with his kids wh are getting big fast . always the jokester , [male] gives ears to his brother . we had to tell [male] not to drive after drinking .
the men and women pose for the photo . a child with red hair smiles in a portrait . guy with arm around a young girl with her hand on her face man in baseball hat making bunny ears on man on couch . the man is walking to the park behind the two girls .
the parade was very exciting yesterday . there were many beautiful floats there . i had a great time watching them . i took a lot of pictures . i hope there is another parade next year .
a parade float passing spectators lining the street . a close-up view of a man wearing beads . box containing green-topped pastry dish with piece missing people celebrate and cheer as a float from a parade passes by . people are watching a restaurant float go by in a parade .
there were quite a few interesting floats at the parade . one man sang while the fair went on . we ate some cake in celebration of the event . there was lots of music and fun . many people danced and shared various celebrations .
the float is traveling in the parade with riders on top of it . a older man wearing beads looks into the camera , not viewing the mess that lay behind him . large donut with frosting sitting inside a wooden box . people are taking pictures of a parade float that 's been done in a musical theme . a blue parade float with riders wearing costumes passing under a power line during cool weather .
we watched a mardi gras parade this weekend . folks were wearing beads to celebrate . they had the special cake too . there were lots of floats passing by . all of them were very colorful , and had music playing .
people looking at an item in a parade man with beads on standing in a street . a multi colored breaded pastry , laying in a box . two cars and some people are near a parade float with characters waving from it . a group of people perform on the stage
here is the plane that we took to the national park ! how cool is that ? we arrived safely at location location location , and were excited to start our trip . here is a beautiful little waterfall . the views were so spectacular ! look at those mountains ! we got some great fly-fishing in . we had such a memorable , fun trip .
a seaplane rests on a lake near a dock . a brown sign with skulls and white lettering a small drop off on a river creates a small waterfall . the sky is cloudy over a snowy mountain and river to flyfisherman in the river trying to catch fish
we had a plane bring us to our vacation spot we were staying at a national park we were right next to a river with a waterfall . we also had very good look at the mountains in the distance . we also got to spend many hours fishing .
a seaplane parked next to a dock out on the water . sign displaying name of national park reserve in wilderness the rapids in the river make for a powerful current . a huge river is going through a bunch of trees two men standing in water and both of them are fishing .
here is the great source of joy for our family , the plane ! here marks the spot of our family adventure . the water was gorgeous as it was located in paradise . here we are doing our best to catch dinner ! the great bald eagle in the sky gave me good feelings to witness .
an airplane is on the dock with people underneath . the sign is flanked by antlers and mentions a preserve . flowing river in forested area becomes small waterfall snowy mountains can be seen over tall trees and water . two men prepare themselves for some fly fishing .
it was [female] 's birthday and they were having a party with a lot of her friends . she got to pose next to one of her favorite characters . then played her favorite game of air hockey . the teletubbies even came to celebrate . afterwards they all got to have ice cream and cake .
two small girls sit at a table eating cake . a child poses next to a [male] e. cheese statue . young girl is enjoying a game of air hockey . a little girl that is looking at the teletubbies . a group of people celebrating festively at a dinner table .
friends gather to celebrate a birthday . getting a picture taken with [male] e. cheese . a little girl plays air hockey at the party . meeting the teletubbies at the birthday party . cake and ice cream to end the birthday celebration .
w little girls enjoying there cake at a party an image of a little girl in a red car a little girl is playing air hockey in an arcade a young girl is looking at teletubbies at an event . a chids birthday party at chuck e cheese
family having organization organization at fun palace . one of the kids at birthday party riding on merry go round . another kid at the party look surprised . birthday girl sitting on fun car to pose for photo at fun palace . birthday girl ending last fun round with tele tubies .
two young girls , all dressed up and enjoying a party . a girl takes a photo with chuckie cheese a baby girl that is playing a game . a female child is looking at statues of teletubbies a woman is serving pizza to a lot of kids
i love decorating for christmas . even untangling the lights has its appeal . hanging up the stockings brightens up the room . the tree topper finishes off the room . everything looks fantastic !
a girl in a penguin hat is looking under an evergreen tree . a young man sitting on the floor untangling lights for the tree the stocking are hung in front of the book shelf the woman places the last ornament on the tree a christmas tree shines its light on a window
[female] is cutting down a tree . they put the tree up and [male] strings the lights . they both have their own stockings . [female] puts the ornament on top of the tree . they both had fun decorating and putting up the tree .
a smiling woman is kneeling on the grass with her hand underneath a bush . a man sitting on the floor in front of a christmas tree holding a string of white lights . two christmas stockings hanging next to each other on a bookshelf a lady putting the last decoration on her christmas tree . a christmas tree is standing near the window and a wall with a clock
after work , a woman picked out a nice christmas tree from a tree lot near her home . arriving home , her husband helped to bring the tree in and began sorting through their collection of christmas lights . while he wrapped the lights around the tree , she began adding ornaments in various shapes and sizes . her favorite ornament was shaped like her pet cat . after all the ornaments were added , she finished decorating by placing a long red tree topper on the top branch .
the woman is posing with a penguin hat on . a man is sitting on the floor in front of a bare christmas tree untangling a string of lights . a blue and a red stocking hang from the top of a bookshelf . a lady reaching for the top of the christmas tree . a christmas tree that has been decorated with christmas decorations
a small town holds a parade to celebrate the anniversary of it 's founding . even this little goat is happy to be a part of the parade . some chinese dragons walk through town during the parade . you may even see old military vehicles drive through ! happy 150th birthday to this town !
a crowd of people on a city street a brown goat walking with a woman in cut off shorts . two sets of people in dragon costumes walking down a street with a crowd in the background . a big military svu goes down the road during a parade balloons are arranged to say 150 in many different colors .
there was a great turnout for the memorial day parade . many people even brought their dogs . the military were the first to parade through town.` lot 's of classic cars could be seen . the dancers were really fun to watch .
people in the street looking around the town . a goat is walking amidst a group of people . two dragons are displaying their greatness on the road . a military truck rolls down the street while people look on . the rainbow colored balloons are in the shape of numbers .
the town 's 150th birthday celebration . even the dogs were helping to celebrate . lots of different ethnicity 's were represented . the town sheriff showing off his new toy . balloons to mark the 150th birthday celebration of the town .
a crowd walks down a street in front of an historic building . a small goat is walking with a person a parade down a street showing people in dragon customs walking down the street . a large army car is going down the road balloons all colors of the rainbow are attached to a frame forming the number 150 .
overlooking the old city , a rainbow hung in the sky . a journey to the temple downtown was always peaceful . adventurous travelers could pick a new route to search often . one such route led down a secretive path . the path led to a organization organization where old manuscripts were hidden .
image of large dirty city and rainbow in back the fountain is in front of the yellow , brown , and white building . a large variety of road sign on a pole with a weathervane . a church courtyard with manicured hedges and trees . the door is under a large artistic engraving .
a wide arching rainbow extends over the city skyline . the rainbow is still showing its array of colors . the clouds have started to move away , but our rainbow is still there . a close view shows bands of green , yellow and red highlighting the sky . now gone , our city is wrapped around a nice warm day with no more rain .
blurry photo of city scape with rainbow touching buildings a brick and stone building with a round dome with a water fountain in front . a street post with many , many locations and arrow pointing in different directions . a pretty courtyard of a stone building is shown . an old , ornate building with intricate brickwork has closed doors .
our family took a trip across the ocean last summer . we went to many beautiful cities . we enjoyed touring all the old architecture the cities had to offer . there were many interesting things to see , so many things different than our culture at home . there were many days that the weather cooperated and we were just able to walk around the town and discover many secret places we would n't have known . on the last day of our trip we came across a beautiful building that my sister thought would be a wonderful location for her wedding . looks like we will be coming back next summer .
the rainbow is in the back ground above all the buildings . a fountain in the courtyard of a religious looking building . the sign post has many arrows pointing to different sites . a sculpted garden with bushes and trees has a stone pathway leading towards brown buildings . great care was taken to construct this beautiful door case
we had to get together for this happy shot . these guys are the greatest friends ever . this is a moment we 'll cherish forever . the bird was so beautiful , i just had to touch . moments like this last a lifetime .
two men pose for a photograph , each holding a drink in their hand . a group of men smilling at the camera three smiling friends posing for a group photo in a living room . the two men are hugging for the picture . two men sitting on the couch are posing for the camera .
the couple was happy to host the organization organization organization at their house . there was always a good turnout . many of the men had been coming since the beginning . older members went out of the way to make newcomers feel welcome . the men knew they were going to have a good night with like minded people .
two men smiling both with a glass of liquid in their hands . they are standing in a home . a group of three men pose for a picture . three male friends , ensuring they could all fit into the picture , squeezed in together at the end of the couch . a man is side hugging another man at a party . two men are sitting on the couch while one gives a thumbs up .
a lot of old and new friends came over that day . everyone was happy to see ach other . they all had smiles on their faces and stories to tell . some have not seen each other in a very long time . we all enjoyed each other 's company .
a couple of men are standing in a room together . having a drink with friends in the house . three men sitting on a couch and smiling for a photograph . two men , one with a baseball cap and the other with a hat are standing next to each other posing two men sitting on the couch . one man with an empty plate on his lap
when mount vesuvius erupted the people had no chance of survival . fathers tried to shield their infants . mothers picked up their children and ran . whole families tried to out run the red hot lava and ash . but it was too late ! they and the city were gone .
the statue looks like it is tipped on the ground . a statue depicting a man holding a baby and the baby is reaching for the man 's face statue of a woman holding a child and both look upset . an old carving depicts the suffering of people . a gray hand is reaching out of the ground
there were many spooky sculptures on display . this one depicts a baby crying in its mother 's arms . other kids are also scared . it looks like they 're screaming . this child looks like it 's crying .
a statue made of concrete that looks like it fell over a man is holding a baby that is touching his face . a statue of a sad woman holding a sad child is beside a brick wall . the people are carved out of wood . a sculpted hand extends up from the ground against a cloudy backdrop .
the statues outside where intense . they where dark and kind of creepy . some of women holding children . usually , while screaming and crying . the last one we saw was simply an arm , but it said so much .
a fallen statue near brick building shows years of aging and patina . a blurry picture of a hand made structure that has been crafted by an artist . a statue of a mother holding her baby . this blue and brown sculpture looks like a man and woman trying to escape with their baby . an arm figure carved from stone standing in front of trees .
early morning , time to get the hot air balloon ready for the ride . almost ready , just a little more to go . the first balloon of the day is in the air . there go two more ; ca n't wait to join them . here we go , time to take off and join the group for a fun balloon ride !
a group of people preparing their hot air balloon for take off . a blue and green hot air balloon is half way through being inflated . a hot air balloon is flying over the snow covered roof of a home . two hot air balloons flying in the sky above the trees . several hot air balloons can be seen against the dreary sky .
we went to the balloon festival . we set up the balloons they soared over the houses . there was even a football shaped one . people came out to see all the balloons floating in the sky .
two ladies and a man setting up a hot air balloon . a man standing next to a partially inflated hot air balloon resting on the ground . a hot air balloon rises above a home in winter two hot air balloons , one a football the other multicolored against a hazy sky . group of balloons flying in the sky on a cloudy day .
the man prepares his ballon . he is blowing it up now . it is going up in the air . two are flying up there now . they are going on a journey .
a group of three people preparing to get a hot air balloon ready for takeoff . three men setting up checkered hot air balloon in suburban setting . a large yellow balloon floats over the house . two hot-air balloons in the sky , one of which is designed to look like a football . hot air balloons float in the morning sky .
i am a confident , intelligent and capable board member . i am here to help steer the arts programs in my local city . i go to meetings to help inform the public of events and causes we undertake . keeping the city informed on arts and culture is a fun way to give back . after our presentation we often open the floor to the audience for new ideas on future projects .
a woman white short brown hair , wearing a black long-sleeved top , her arms crossed . there are bookcases in the background . a very casual business meeting is taking place in this windowed room . a group of people read papers and sit and converse with each other . this is a mic siting on a covered table across a room full of people . male speaker viewed listening to someone else speaking during a meeting of some kind .
it was a festive night for a organization meeting . the teachers got together for a chat before the parents got involved . the parents patiently waiting to ask their questions . finally the princeable steps up to the mike and welcomes the parents . it was now time for the parents to ask their questions for the teachers .
a lady wearing a black top with her hands crossed in front of her chest . people sitting around a table in front of microphones . the woman in the red button-down shirt converses with another woman to her right . a shot of a microphone in front of a large crowd of people . a man in a collared shirt talking into a microphone .
the cast members prepare for a question and answer session . the line of people waiting to get in is very long . people find their seats and wait for the session to start . the cast has a lively discussion with each other during the session . it was such a hit that people even sat on the staircase to watch when the seats ran out .
a woman with a necklace that is in the library . five people sitting around a table with a bunch of beers . as they sat at the event the women discussed some of the topics . large audience sitting in front of a currently unmanned table and microphone . white male , he is married , he is answering questions into a microphone and books are placed behind him .
it as obvious that the man was disappointed in the small stack of gifts people had brought for his birthday . he tried to be polite as he read the card one friend has gave him . the first gift he opened he did n't even know what it was . the next gift he did n't even take out of the box . the last he thing he received were some flowers which he did n't understand at all .
a man sits back in a chair with his feet up looking across the room . a man preparing his envelop to send to someone while his mom watching tv in background a man in a tee shirt is holding a mug in his left hand . a man smiles while sitting in a chair holding a denim jacket . a man is opening a wrapped present in a living room .
[male] is sitting down in a chair about to open his birthday gift . he starts to open up the card first and starts to read it . he opens up his present at its a red cup that he likes very much . [male] is waiting for the other presents to be given to him . he opens up the next present and stares at it .
a man sits in a chair holding a piece of paper . a man in a grey shirt reading a birthday card . a young man holding a manila file folder in one hand and a large cup in the other . a man receives a pair of jeans as a gift . man opening gifted item while sitting in residential home .
getting ready to open his birthday gifts . first he read a thoughtful card . then he received a christmas red cup . he also received a jean jacket . about to open his third gift .
a young man and an older woman sit in a living room a teenager in a black shirt opening up a birthday card a caucasian male pulls a red mug out of a box . a young man sitting in a chair , holding a new piece of denim clothing . the man is opening his birthday gift that he received .
we parked our car in the parking lot , there were many security guards present for the event . the hotel where the event is taking place is a very tall building with many floors . on top of the building there is a big circle display of lights . the display changes patterns of the light constantly . from the roof of the building , we can see a very nice view of the city all lighted up .
group of police under canopies possibly investigating an incident an upshot of the [location] [location] facade at night time . a ferris wheel is lit up at night time in the sky a ferris wheel in a night time carnival a view of a large stage lit up with many lights , many people are sitting watching a performance
we saw a large neon lite ferris looking wheel in the distance . we headed through the city toward it . it looked even better up close . we then noticed the large group of people that were attending a gathering near it . there was a great concert happening and we stayed until it finished .
the police were only there for security measures after recent incidents this is a night time photo of a major hotel complex . large ferris wheel lit up on top of a building a tall [organization] [organization] is lit up at night overlooking several buildings . a concert is in full swing as vivid blue and pink lights absorb the surrounds and the bands plays on the large screen .
security was at an all time high for the celebration . visitors were filling the hotels to max capacity . they all wanted to be one of the first to ride the ferris wheel . lines can become quite long for this so people line up hours ahead of time . after the ride is over many will take in the sights that surround it .
police stand near tents with motorcycles near by . the crowne plaza was lighted up so that it could be visible . carousel lighted behind a building in the night . huge neon lighted ferris wheel under a dark night sky a concert stage at night with a light show and a large crowd watching .
visiting the country such a big house ! look doxie wrote megs name ! meg and doxie running around having fun on the beach . oh no ! hurry doxie get your toy before it floats away ! a beautiful view of the ocean !
a woman and a dog posing next to a beach and green hills the dog is being silly and sneaking up on the frisbie black and white dog on beach near mountains a woman in a red top is moving towards a black and white dog . the black and white dog is running after the frisbee in the water .
morning stroll with the dog . caught this cute moment with meg and organization . no dex , you are messing up the shot . i think organization is mad at me . time to play fetch that cheers him up . run dex mamma is coming to get you ! happy dog . he loves out strolls .
woman with a black and white dog on a grassy hill near a beach . a woman 's name is carved into the sand as a forlorn dog lies on top of it . a dog with black and white fur walking on the beach . a woman with glasses that is playing with her dog . a black and white dog is wading through the water
meg and her dog took a day off . they played frisbee on the beach . the dog went exploring . then they went for a run . later , it was frisbee time again !
woman with black and white border collie on a grassy hill overlooking the beach . a dog walking on the beach where someone wrote something in the sand . a black and white adult dog is walking on the beach . a woman that is running with her large dog a wet black and white dog coming out of the water .
[female] had to build a puppet for school project . she was very proud about it when she finished . she used wood sticks and built a 3d puppet . her design was slick and the end result was professional . [female] received a special mention for her fantastic 3d model puppet .
unusual wooden structure stands tall for viewing in open area . woman with sunglasses hold figure made from sticks a statue of a human figure against the blue skies . the tower is tall in sky and made of wood a giant statue of a man in made out of wood .
entered my first sculpture into the local art gallery . it was a statue made of wood . i put a lot of effort into building it . it was time consuming to cut and fit each piece perfectly together . but after 4 long months i finally had it finished and just in time to enter it .
a strange lifeguard stand on a beach on clear day . a woman holds a miniature replica of the burning man statue a large structure which looks somewhat human stands against a blue background . a bridge is made of tan wood in a blue sky a wooden structure is built to resemble a human .
the wooden creature man i created from the chest up . here i am holding my creation on a beautiful day . the full body of my creation appears to be floating . the details of my creation are seen here in a close up picture . the wooden creation man 's head is lit up perfectly behind the sun .
the structure is tall and made of unfinished wood . the woman is holding a figurine made of wood . an image of a huge statue that is made of straw a very artistic piece of woodwork stuck up the large wooden statue is set against the backdrop of the sun and sky
everyone said that when we were in location , we had to go by [female] park . so we did , and man , is location location location weird . the gate itself is enough to freak you out . but once you get through , it 's a great park . and even though it 's in location . it reminds me of parks in the location . actually though i was kinda glad to get out of there and take a walk down by the pier to chill out .
is a very nice place to unwind in the night the bridge and city are lit colorfully across the water . a happy clown face between two tall towers . a huge face shows on the facade of a building , with the door located in the mouth , and a [organization] wheel in the background . a building used for various entertainment events including a circus .
the night sky is really remarkable when lit by the city . the bridge also has a wonderful lighting layout . i was a bit scared by the entrance to the circus . up close , i really enjoyed the work of the artist . the buildings were decorated a bit in this neighborhood .
a view of a city with bridge and body of water at night . the underside of a bridge at night over water with lights shining a large face covers the front of the entrance to the building . a fair with a farris wheel in it a building that says rotor on two sides with people drawn on it .
i love viewing the lights at night . this was actually a very calming scene . this , however , scared me a bit . it did n't seem very inviting to me . this was the perfect way to calm down .
the skyline of a brightly lit city at night time . underneath the bridge , you can see across the river to downtown . a large clown face forms the entrance to an attraction . a entrance to an amusement park with a ferris wheel . building with rotor written on side and tent behind it .
after hiking for a few hours i went back into the city . there was nobody out on the streets when i got there . some of the fountains were still working . the city was flooded in some areas . i decided to head back home .
a view of the front of a building . a view from the manicured front grounds of a white stone villa . front lawn of a large estate house with a fountain out front . water flowing in an area with an archway surrounded by brick view of ornate structures built into the water on a cloudy day .
visiting location museum in location location . the outdoor area and garden . potential wedding venue for a spring bride . the outdoor pool is underground . viscaya outdoor boat right outside the patio .
the mansion can be seen through the trees from the fence-lined road . a large building has fancy grass out in front of it a big house sits in front of a nice yard and pond . a pool in the middle of an ornate fence and the facade of a medieval building . a bridge is open in the water with blue clouds in the sky .
the facade of this mansion is beautiful . the nature around it was even more beautiful . it was elegant but also familiar , was the godfather part ii filmed here ? even the water look dazzling , almost surreal . and now i 'm back home in location location , so lame .
the large building is located at the fountain at the end of the road . the large white house has a well maintained yard . the lawn is well manicured and the pond is clean water is by the building and the walls . a body of water that is near the pier and bridge .
this was the family dog he just sat around the house being lazy and this was his girlfriend daisy the food was excellent and the fireworks were amazing
a small dog with blue eyes staring at the camera the white curly haired dog is on the wooden steps . a set of beach themed hotels are flanked by palm trees . the large red statue is next to the road with the mountains in the background . the fire works have the sky lit up with the orange lights .
my name is [male] and i am the king of this house . i can lay wherever i want . this is my queen , [female] . she is so beautiful ! i love it when my people share their food with me . i am afraid of fireworks ; i hide from them under the bed !
the gray dog with the blue eyes walked on the tile . a white bichon frise peeks over the ledge as it lies at the foot of a staircase . the red van drives around the curve to the building the red statue is by a mountain and a road . the giant , red firework was featured during the show 's finale .
biscuit was looking for a treat . [female] decided to help search . they ran out the door and down the street . they did n't find their treats anywhere . they did find some fireworks !
a small puppy laying on square floor tile . a furry white do that is jumping on a table the burgundy van is pulling into the street where the buildings on . the roads were empty , stretching around the curves . a gorgeous red blossom of fire bursts upon the night sky .
i 'm glad that most of my friends were able to make it to the game . we decided to have a race and it became extremely competitive since everyone had a hot start . nevertheless , i 've caught the lead although it was n't enough because [male] caught momentum throughout the race and eventually won . [male] was over-confident about winning and actually ended up being second-to-last across the finish line ,
a man rides a three wheel bike with a cart leading the way of several other bikers who are all riding in a parking lot where directional cones have been placed . a group of cyclists ride in close proximity to each other . a man that is riding a bike near the competitors . a man riding a bike between cones on a city street . a person that is standing on top of his bike .
after watching the tour de location , we were inspired to take an advanced bicycle class . first we negotiated a series of tricky green cones . i swear they kept moving ! we all got in a line behind the instructor for some advanced cornering . one of the riders got a bit carried away and rode the wrong way . after an hour we were all exhausted . except for this one guy who had way too much energy .
bicyclists make their way in a line around a traffic cone . several bicyclists are riding outdoors and there are cones on the ground indicating a course . group of men riding bicycles around green cones . a man excitedly rides a bike while others behind him also ride bikes . a man with a yellow cap standing on top of a moving bike .
there was a little bike race outside . there were a lot of competitors that were riding around a track lined with cones . it was pretty heated but the people were out here for fun . this guy did n't even bother to wear real biking gear because he just was here for a good time . others were here for the competitiveness ; you can tell by what they wore .
a grop of bicycle riders riding around cones three men riding bikes in a parking lot a group of people riding bicycles together in the street a bearded young man with tongue sticking out riding a bicycle . the cyclist attempts to stand up on a fast moving bicycle .
one day while [male] was walking his dog , he had an idea . he should make his wife dinner and have a movie night with her ! they would n't even have to leave their little shack of a house , and it would be very romantic . so [male] started right away on cooking a fantastic dinner , which his wife ate right up . and then they started playing a movie so that they could cuddle on the couch and keep the romance alive .
a man with a satchel is playing with a dog . a green building with bars on the windows . adult standing in kitchen preparing meal items for consumption . woman smiling as she sits at table with food items . the logo of a production company at the beginning of a movie .
our friends moved to a new place this past summer . they moved into this little place near the coast . he decided that he would welcome us by cooking us dinner . it was a very nice dinner that was enjoyed by all . we then settled down for the night and watched a movie .
adult with small dog standing in lawn at residence . an old green house is called [organization] [organization] [organization] . a smiling man preparing a meal at the counter of a kitchen . she brought roasted pork and bread time for a beer a projection of the ad for [organization] on screen .
it is interesting how the design of buildings differ in various countries . in order to get a feel of the scenery , i decided to take a stroll with my trusty companion . the scenery was full of plant life and various color houses . as the sun was setting , it looked almost like a dream . we reached back to our final destination , our house .
guy with dog in grass and fence around a car the house that has faded colors of blue and rusty metal . chopping up some food and having a drink . a woman wearing a floral shirt sits behind a spread of food . a screen on a t.v that says [organization] on it .
when our office has a day out , we do it right . everyone managed to make it to the party at the lake , even the ceo , [male] . and though the clouds looked threatening at times , all went well . interestingly , [male] was the life of the party . he even took us to the marina for a cruise around the lake on his yacht . pretty cool guy .
a group of people sitting outside at a restaurant having drinks a group of people eating and drinking outside . a white thing is out in the water . a group of people enjoy each other 's company around a table outside . many white color small boats in the river
the gathering was a very comfortable time . we all ate a lot of food , and cake got eaten real fast . the weather was beautiful and the water seemed inviting , but no one went swimming . after enjoying everyone 's company for so long we all bonded . if only we had a boat , we would have loved to take one of these out !
a group of people sitting around 3 tables , laughing and smiling . a man is getting a knife to cut a cake . a scenery of mountains and water is photographed . a group of people talking to one another . this is a beautiful scene of boats docked on a waterway .
we had an office party today to try to liven the mood around here . [female] didnt want to leave her desk though , stop being such a crab [female] ! heres [male] , we had to enticed him out with the promise of burgers . next party will be on one of those yachts . unfortunately it started to rain and rain hard so we had to call it off early .
a group of friends meet on a fellow friend 's patio for drinks , laughter and fun . a man sitting down cutting birthday cake . cloudy sky over a large body of water surrounded by trees , grass , and a mountain range in the distance . group of people sitting around a table , man in blue dress shirt has hands up numerous yachts moored in a lake on a sunny day .
location location location location was a place our family loved to visit . we took long hikes . there several amazing trails to go down . we saw a helicopter doing a practice run for putting out forest fires . luckily there were no fires on this day , only great weather and a beautiful , blue sky .
a sign at the [location] [location] [location] [location] indicates that today 's fire danger rating is `` very dangerous '' people walking on a trail in the woods . this is a picture of the empty woods outside a helicopter has an item attached to a tether . a helicopter is located in the middle of a field
upon arriving today at location location location location we were greeted by this fire danger sign . we decided to go on a hike and find some adventure.the natural sounds all around from local wild life was relaxing . the beauty of the scenery made it easy to realize why there would be concern for fire safety . just then overhead we heard a helicopter flying over when we looked up we saw that it carried a bucket of water . we came over the hill to a clearing and saw the rest of the helicopters preparing for any sign of fire danger .
entrance and fire alert rating for [location] [location] [location] [location] people are walking on a dirt trail in a forest trees with green leaves and mossy rocks line a pebbled path that is crisscrossed by small logs . a helicopter is carrying something on a small wire a helicopter sits in a green area with a mountain in the background .
we just arrived at the park . later , we decided to hike down the trail . the trail ahead looked rough . up above we saw the helicopter carrying something . found the helicopter back at camp .
daily fire danger rating of [location] [location] [location] [location] showing today 's danger as being very dangerous friends going on a hiking adventure . exploring nature . a trail running through a forest of small trees . a helicopter hangs in the air and lowers an object with a rope . beautiful green grass yard with trees and a mountain in the background and a helicopter to the right
my friend and i went traveling around location last summer . we walked through the market and met a man selling meat . we stayed in this dumpy hotel . the view from the hotel was a graffitied out abandoned building . there was an artist who set up toys on the ground outside our hotel .
two men are standing looking at a display of meat . a man cooking an assortment of food for purchase . a large building that is several stories with painted pattern designs and balconies . some multi-storied , abandoned , graffiti covered buildings with balconies . many miniatures lined up on a brick walkway with a red bus painted on the wall beside them .
we were told this food stand has the very best meals in the whole city . this man is preparing food for the dinner rush . after dinner we walk around the town , we can see many tall apartment buildings . some of the buildings look run down and abandoned . one unique thing to this town is the figurines lined neatly along the streets .
two men stand in front of hanging meat on display . a man at an outdoor market cooks multiple kinds of ethnic foods , particularly succulent meats . side view of a hotel with balconies and a couple of people on them . a building that has been vandalized by the locals . a bunch of tiny figurines are all over the bricked area
first , we went to the market to shop for meat . the we got busy cooking it . we ate on the balcony . afterwards , we went for a walk to see the neighborhood sights , like this graffiti-covered apartment building . in a common area , we wondered where all these carefully arranged figurines came from .
two guys stand in front of a scary stand , that looks haunted and dirty , with hanging meat on it , a business owner that is handling the fish . a building of several stories with balconies and patterned exterior walls . the building was covered in graffiti with monkey designs from top to bottom . the little objects that are on the ground .
what is this going to be , an industrial building of some sort ? this is a more scenic view , with the huge tower in the background . a view from the bridge towards our destination - almost there ! i thought we would never arrive . oh , will this road never end ?
a group of people sitting in chairs in the sand with a city skyline in the background . the water is calm and a boat is going down the river . this picture of a coastal city 's shore line overlooking a river . four boats float down the river on a warm pleasant day people relaxing on beach chairs on the bank of a river outside a city .
i went on a road trip last weekend . i got to see a lot of new cities . some of them were huge . it took me hours to drive through it . when i finally got through it was nothing but smooth driving to my destination . it still took many hours to get there though .
the skies clouded over and the beach goers looked around in irritation . a boat is sailing on the water way . skyline , one building with multiple pinnacles , another single highrise , body of water in foreground , blue sky a row of ferries along the river by a city . people looking out over a river at the city beyond .
a bunch of people came waiting for the show . they waited and waited , but the show did n't start . they waited over an hour , and still nothing happened . no one knew why the show had n't started . the entire crowd was disappointed . everyone started to leave .
beach goers it in chairs in the sand as they commune on a sunny day . a tug boat in pulling into a shipping harbor . a view of a cathedral and other buildings from the water a view of a large harbor filled with boats and surrounded by large city buildings the city skyline against a river in [location]
today , we arrived back home . we poured coffee into our cups . we cooked a bunch of sausages . we even made a dish out of rice and meat . lastly , this was the oven we used to prepare our food .
a car going down the street in front of two bike riders . dark liquid pouring into white cup from dark pot sausages ready to be cooked for morning breakfast . a delicious meal of rice and meat is ready to be eaten . a couple of metal pans cooking in an oven .
starting the day off going to work and getting off to go back home . the finishing touch of a prepared meal . in the beginning the raw meat before cooked , sliced and placed on a plate . a quick look at tv and some relaxing . the doctor says have a glass of wine is good for the heart , goodnight .
car driving on left side of road , two cyclists passing on sidewalk . coffee is being poured into a decorative mug . several sausages in a pan with shallow water a lunch tray with a plate of rice and meat . a old oven turned on with a lot of old grease and rust on it .
we drove to my mom 's house for dinner . she insisted on us having tea . we cooked up some fresh sausages . mom made some rice to eat the sausages with . dad was upset that we did n't cook something in his trusty broiler .
a dash camera inside a vehicle , that shows two bicyclists on the left . coffee is being poured into a ceramic coffee mug . the sausage were freshly made and smelled awesome the meal was served on a full plate red stacks of horizontal things are inside the metal oven-like object .
our uncle gave us a strange drink . all of us grew strange leopard ears on our heads . we could n't take them off , no matter how hard we tried . it was embarrassing in public . we decided to wear hats to cover out ears .
looking down on a round table that has people seated around it and various types of drinks and items on the table . a man in a striped shirt and cheetah print ears a person that is wearing a headband with cat ears on it . the people are in front of the brown windows a man that is wearing a pair of animal ears
we were having a wonderful christmas party at our house . [male] was wearing some sexy leopard print ears as he opened his gag gift . [female] , lovely as ever , also wore leopard printed ears as she posed for this photo . while playing cards , we stopped to take a sentimental photo with [male] . i think we had a little too much to drink because [male] decided to wear the leopard print ears , and he pretended to be a leopard as he licked his `` paw '' .
a group of friends sit around a table playing board games . black man in polo shirt wearing leopard-print ears on his head . woman in cheetah cat ears , with her hands on her face . three people are posing together at a table and smiling a man wearing a jacket and standing on a porch is looking at the camera .
i was hanging out with my friends and we decided to play a game called `` ears for all '' here is [male] wearing the leopard ears . he looks purrfect . this is [female] . she is a natural born feline . [male] and kimmy were waiting for their turn . when [male] got his turn he took the ears outside to show them off .
an arial view of a game night party is shown . a smiling man is having fun wearing leopard ears . the woman is wearing fuzzy leopard print ears . three people posing for a photograph while playing cards the man is wearing some leopard ears for the picture .
they make their way to the cafe for breakfast . she studies the menu while the young boy smiles . what will we have for breakfast ? it looks like bread and sauces . a closeup of the goodies .
behind a counter at a restaurant are wine bottles and condiment bottles . a young child is sitting down smiling at the camera with a women looking at a paper . breakfast menu that describes what choices are on it a young boy eating something , with different sauces in front of him food and a variety of sauces sitting out on a table .
the inside of organization organization shows a line of bottles on the wall . mother and son sit down as she explores the menu . a closeup of the menu with the restaurant name on the top featured prominently . breakfast is served and the boy looks as if he just too a bite of something too hot . a shallow depth of field shot featuring the various sauces served with the meal .
a beautiful bar displays many types of wines and products . mother and son sit at a table looking at a menu . paper that is titled welcome to broder in black writing . the young kid is eating in the table three clear sauce bowls next to a bowl of biscuits .
after my uncle passed i inherited his restaurant . rather than continue it , i turned it into a bar and a cafe . i did so in the hopes that i would have flexible hours for my wife and daughter . i did n't want to completely destroy everything the place was though , the restaurant was called broder . it 's know known as cafe broder .
the bar is ready to open for business . the woman reads a piece of paper next to the boy a paper menu sits on a dark wood table . a young boy holds a piece of food in his hand . condiments and bread sit on a wooden table .
my family consists of my father my little brother , and little sister who you can see in this picture posing with their christmas gifts during our favorite season . my father often ends up helping his baby girl put together her gift on christmas as most fathers do but he loves it as he does her . i am the the oldest and here you can see me posing for the camera beside the family car cracking a smile for the camera . i feel like we are the typical american family that goes to church on sunday and gives thanks for the blessings that he provides to us . this is what a typical landscape looks like where we live and we give thanks to god every day for the beauty that surrounds us just like we imagine most americans wake up and do every day .
a family at christmas time showing off gifts . a man in black sweatshirt with his daughter in red at christmas time . a young male in a windbreaker is standing beside a car . white house with tall trees and green grass around it an old farmhouse with a media and a pond out back .
we had a great time opening all of our gifts my daddy is opening his gift that i got him . thats my oldest brother . he came home for christmas . that is our church . we go every sunday . this is a picture of how it looks behind our house .
three kids posing with their new toys in an older photo . the man is helping the little girl with her christmas gift . the boy posed for his grandmother under the carport as she wanted a new photo of him and it was raining . small white church surrounded by trees on a road . the country side with a small lake and lots of trees .
we began our tour of the county on top the the overlook way above it all . once we came down to the river , we saw an old fashioned riverboat . we also saw a historic sight where the first settlement in this area was . the first church to be established here was still standing . organization organization organization organization still has services every sunday to this day .
the son in the family is showing off his christmas gift . a ma sitting in a chair with a child standing next to him . a man standing by car in a yellow and blue windbreaker a small white house in a dark eerie rainstorm . an image of a house surrounded by trees and shrubs
the landscape offered an escape not a soul around these parts the fog came in early over the bridge and the animals were roaming the ice it was a very cold day indeed
the hills and deserted field filled with grass and trees the stone path winds through the twisting valley . a see-through bridge connects two wooden walkways on each side over water . a group of animals that are swimming in the lake . mist rising from a blue landscape filled with water
i went to the beach last weekend . it was beautiful there . i had a great time . there were some beautiful plains nearby as well . i went down to the dock afterward .
a picture of a rocky , and semi grassy terrain . a brick pathway is lined with light posts and a bench . a bridge that is on top of the blue waters . people in the water swimming by the dirt . an industrial site showing a lot of smoke and other pollution .
it was a very cold day out and the clouds were heavy . there were people in the water which was strange . the water was so nice and it felt great on the people 's bodies . to the north , the land was very dry and rough . these people were glad they lived in the opposite direction .
a grassy hillside contains some small patches of snow . a brick road or sidewalk winding through tall hills of rocks . the bridge spans over the beautiful blue water . the people are enjoying themselves in the blue spring water . the fog is coming off of the water with the mountains in the background .
location is a beautiful island to visit . you can see the ocean crash into the land . you might even see a chicken . the culture is also very important . to celebrate visit a luau and enjoy the local foods .
palm trees overlooking a rocky beach with crashing waves . this is a picture of a woman wearing a blue dress the performers are up on stage with hawaiian style decorations . a male performing is using fire to entertain . a view of a beach at dusk with palm trees in the picture
here is the relaxing tropical sunset we enjoyed so much ! the waves crashed ashore here ! the strong bird was exploring the land in front of our eyes ! here the woman dances by the shore . the fire show was extraordinary and a pleasure to see .
several palm trees are seen in front of a beach scene . a woman walking on the grass with a man in back looking out at the ocean hawaiian performers are onstage with a big statue . a night performance of a polynesian man spinning a fire wand . an image of a sun down shot on the beach
our vacation featured great views of the beach . she kicked off her shoes for a stroll through the grass . we were entertained by the local band . the fire handlers were very exciting to watch . the day has set on our vacation , but the memories last forever .
the island had palm trees and benches for seating and a nice view a woman in a hawaiian dress is performing the hula on the waterfront . musicians dressing in tropical outfits standing onstage playing instruments for a crowd . man dressed in tribal attire performing with fire . palm trees are on the beach while the sun is setting
we decided to walk to downtown . we passed by some buildings with interesting architecture . finally we got to the beach . we walked barefoot through the sand . afterwards we got an ice cream cone .
a business that is selling the ancient secrets of happiness . an interesting building has two circular staircases enclosed in glass windows . a large beach with low tide and nice weather . a calm blue grey ocean meets the beach . a person with an ice cream waffle cone on a patio .
we took a day trip , and we toured some magnificent places . the buildings were rather unique . then , we went to the beach . we sat on the sound and watched the waves roll in . we ended our trip with some delicious local ice cream . it was a fun day !
the outside of a building has chinese written on it a stylish-built architecture is pictured along with vehciles . large beach with three people walking on the sand . the beach and water is very calm this morning . a person holding an ice cream cone with strawberry ice cream
my dad and i was enjoying a friendly game of dominoes on the patio . the skyline is quite spectacular in this part of the water . however , quickly i realized that the weather was changing , and in a bad way . this building was quite sturdy , and would be the location of the evacuation shelter . this ice cream bn
the sign front for some asian business with asian writing . a check in building is at the entrance . the ocean , sky , and sand are visible in this picture . the sun is either rising or setting over the ocean person holds a pink ice cream cone on the street .
i visited the sea one weekend and found a bunch of shells . the sun was setting over the water and was absolutely gorgeous . in town , i found a large multicolored tent set up . i ate at a place called captain [male] 's , which served seafood . the seafood came with sides and was delicious !
a pile of seashells with no creatures in them . the sun sets over a large body of water and a dock . a multicolored upward view of a circus tent a picture of a restaurant that is white on the outside the close-up view of a plate of southern cooking inspired foods .
our family vacation this year was to location , location . we saw spectacular sunsets each evening . lounging under beach umbrellas every afternoon is something i could get used to ! there were so many restaurants to try . the fresh seafood is simply amazing and i tried something new - collard greens !
a closeup of several orange colored sea shells grouped together a beautiful sunset , in a cloudy sky , over the ocean . a large pier type bridge and green mountains off to the right . the colorful roof of a tent lets in brilliant sunlight . a store is shown called `` cap't [male] 's waterfron restaurant '' . someones plate of food with two small bowls of other food .
seashells are plentiful on the beach . the beach is a beautiful tourist site . there are amazing tourist attractions that attract a lot of people . there are great places to eat . the food is delicious and filling .
pink shells are bunched up for a closeup picture . the watr in the river at night is calm sun shining through top of multiple colored umbrella the front view of cap't . [organization] [organization] restaurant in [location] [location] . a piece of fried fish with mac n cheese and greens
we anxiously awaited the passing of our favorite drivers while at the indy 300 . at last , the two lead cars came screaming around the corner . right before the final turn , the silver car picked up speed and secured his spot in first . we were celebrating loudly as each car passed the finish line . at the end of the race , everyone quickly scattered so as to avoid the rush of traffic leaving the facility .
crowd at the finish line waiting for their winner . a red indy car driving on a race track . race car model on a street near a green metal gate . a large crowd gathers to watch some car racing . people are climbing up the bleachers to reach their seats .
everyone waiting for the racers to pass by . here they come ! one racer has to make a pit stop . final lap ! everyone left at the end .
people are packed into the stands to watch the races . many people in the stands at the [location] [location] indy 300 watching a red car someone is getting ready for a day full of fun racing . a group of people are watching a car race the bleachers were full of men and women
the fans are excited to finally see the race take place . the red race car zooms past the onlookers . not far behind was another race car . the fans cheered with excitement to see the cars go by so quickly . the crowd clears out because the race is finished .
spectators are gathered around a racetrack on a sunny day , looking with interest . every one is up in the stands as the cars zoom around the track race car sitting of racetrack just outside of gate . the people in the audience are in anticipation . people walking up and down metal bleachers surrounded by a metal fence .
my dad took us to the 4th of july picnic . i get to blow bubbles . what fun ! my brother is getting frustrated trying to get the bubbles into the air . my little brother and i are seeing who can get the most bubbles . we brought a cake to enjoy eating later . it 's really colorful .
the older child squeezing the younger childs arm . the woman and baby are sitting in the park on a blanket . a man and a young girl seated at some sort of event . a small boy and a small girl blowing bubbles outside . a red white and blue cake in a metal pan .
the kids really enjoyed the 4th of july picnic . [female] had fun blowing bubbles . [male] did n't get the hang of it quite as quickly , though . [female] ended up making a friend . at the end of the day we shared a patriotic cake .
the two kids was sitting on there blanket on the ground a woman looks down at her baby while they sit on a blanket outside . a man and his daughter are outside having fun a little boy and girl are wearing red , white , and blue and are on the grass , blowing bubbles . a bowl full of your ghat with red strawberries and grapes
our children wanted to go to the park . my wife took care of one of the kids . i looked after our daughter . my daughter met a small boy . they played with bubbles . the boy 's family invited us to share strawberry shortcake .
two young children sit on blankets playing with toys . a woman and her baby sit on a blanket outside . a father and daughter spend time together with others outdoors . two kids are outside trying to blowing bubbles . parfait is decorated to look like the american flag
it was interesting to see people reading while they walked . the city was busy during the morning commute . the buildings made a great backdrop at night when they lit up . the buildings were some of the tallest in the world . the buildings could be seen for miles and miles away .
a crowded street scene with one man reading the newspaper the woman in the beige dress is in the center of the crowded sidewalk . happy couple taking selfie in front of a cityscape people sitting together in front of water by a brightly lit city . short green grass grows on a football field .
i went for a walk while i was on vacation . there were many other tourists there . we had a great time and we took a lot of pictures . there were a ton of people . i hope i can go back soon .
an indian man reading the paper while walking across the street . men and woman walking on the side walk the man is taking a selfie with the lady elegant buildings from behind a group of people sitting near the water at night with the city in the background . image of a large yard of grass surrounded by trees in a city scenery .
everyone was patiently waiting for the bus , but as time passed , it was obvious that it was late . i could not belive that there was an escalator entrance to the dollar store . it amazes me how people seem to read the paper while walking on a crowded sidewalk . the taxi seemed to be incognito begins the bush . the way the street is designed it seems like artwork .
a man that is walking on the streets of the city . on a busy city street in [location] , well-dressed men and women walk past each other near an intersection . a couple taking a selfie with a urban backdrop . a small group of people relaxing near the docks in [organization] . buildings with bright lights hover over a park .
we went to the local parade this weekend . there were funny clowns on mini motorcycles . our veterans were also represented by a few people . the local fire department decked out their truck in flags . we had a good time , everyone was happy and all smiles .
a group of boys is marching with a red banner a clown rides on a small motorcycle in a parade . soldiers marching at the beginning of a parade . firefighters riding firetruck covered in patriotic [location] [location] decorations a group of people marching in a parade and passing out bead necklaces .
there was a parade in this small town today . there was even a clown on a small bike . there were soldiers and police cars all over . there was a decorated fire truck as well . people were holding american flags .
a drill team from a high school march down the street . a clown with multi-colored hair is riding a small yellow motorbike down a city street . the honor guard is standing at attention a firetruck decked out in american flags and banners rolls down the street in a parade . the people gather by the street for a parade
the parade was going through main street . this highschool band had been preparing their song for a few weeks . this clown was enjoying showing off his clown talents . the civil war soldiers even showed up to re-enact marching . the firefighters brought their firetruck through the parade and everyone had a good time .
the drill team is marching in the parade clown on a small bike sitting in the road . soldiers marching in a parade , carrying their flags . a fire truck decorated with american flags participates in a parade . people walking and waving while they are in a parade
i went to a fair that had lots of different foods and drinks . one of the people explained where the food came from , and what it was . this particular dish was one of my favorites . they also taught us how to make some of the foods . this was my attempt at cracking an egg .
a woman showing another woman a sample of the eggs she is selling at a market a man in a jacket that is standing net to the man in overalls . a lady in a beige sweater reaches for a spoon sitting in a bowl of rice on a table . a person that is using his hands for information . a cracked egg in a plate with the shell remaining .
i 'm a food buyer for a major american grocery store chain . i got to a lot of food conferences , and see a lot of strange food ideas . this kale and brown rice meal will not catch on , i do n't think . people are so earnest about their food booths , it 's hard to discourage them . this egg looked like any other egg to me , but the vendors thought it was different somehow !
a woman pointing out a broken egg to another woman . a man in denim overalls explains something to a man in an overcoat . a woman is pointing towards bowls of food on a table . woman and man conversing over table set up at convention hall . a small paper plate with a cracked egg resting on top
my friend and i helped volunteer at a local market booth last weekend . there were people at other booths around us giving out free food samples . others were explaining environmental impacts of house construction . one of the women left her plate of food where she should n't have . a volunteer pointed at the plate to show her she was wrong .
a woman is looking at a brown egg that is cracked open . a man in overalls is giving a paper to a man in a gray coat . a woman is about to touch some food items woman stands a table with a display listening to a man the brown shelled egg is cracked on the white plate .
this morning my sister and i decided to go on a bike trip to our favorite campground , on the way we rode past a flock of geese . we rode past this town on our way and stopped to take a picture of it . we stopped at a pick nick table at the campground and decided to have lunch . we ate macaroni and cheese and a baguette we 'd packed before we 'd left this morning . after lunch we set up our tent and then went for a short hike .
a road that leads into the heart of the forest . a bike by a picnic bench with leaves on the ground . a small tent sitting next to a bike leaning on a tree . macaroni in a pot , a tupperware container with an unknown substance , and a loaf of bread are pictured . a flock of birds that are standing on the grass .
the boys took a trip in the woods . they rode their bikes to a camp ground . at the camp ground they pitched their tent . they had macaroni and cheese and bread for dinner . before bed they watched the geese at the pond .
a paved bike path through the woods with leaves . a bike resting up against a picnic table . a bicycle leaning against a tree by a tent a piece of bread that is next to the dish . several geese in grass by a trail
the man took a solo camping trip . he found a nice area where he parked his bike and unpacked . the man setup his tent for the night . he also made himself a meal with some bread . he shared his leftover bread with the birds .
a road between a fenced off forest and an open forest . a bike leaning against a park bench with leaves on the ground . the bike is leaned up against the tree next to the tent . a pot of macaroni sits by a loaf of bread . group of ducks grazing on grass near pond .
the friends gathered in a field for the annual fourth of july fire works show . they sat and watched as the show began . then , with loud explosions , the show started with full force . the friends were amazed by the lights . they spent the evening watching the explosions in the sky .
the people are sitting across the wall in the dark . a bright yellow explosion of fireworks color in the night sky . a variety of colors bursts into the sky during this fireworks display . really big fireworks busting with white and red colors people sitting on the grass watching a fireworks display .
a lot of families came together to sit on the grass and watch the 4th of july fireworks . they sat together and ooh-ed and ahh-ed as the fireworks went off . one firework looked just like a christmas tree . another resembled a large fiery ball as it exploded over the crowd . at the end , the people putting on the show shot off a lot of big ones for the finale .
a crowd of people sitting on a lawn at night . the fire works are bright white in the night sky a blurry picture of fireworks is displayed . the fireworks were red and exploded high in the sky . people are sitting on the grass watching the fireworks .
a crowd gathered for a fireworks display . there were classic one-color fireworks . some fireworks were multicolored . another set of fireworks created shapes of light , such as hearts . the crowd enjoyed the display .
people sit on the grass in the dark watching something . a firework is exploding in the sky in yellow colors a colorful fireworks display explodes in the night sky . a colorful firework is bursting in the sky people sit in the lawn and watch fireworks explode in the distance .
there as a local festival today . there was a band playing . there were also booths where you were able to win games . we were also able to witness a motorcycle stunt act . there was a ferris wheel in the middle of the festival .
people walk through the busy fair as the ferris wheel breaks the horizon . he is playing the guitar without looking at the strings people are walking next to brightly colored tents four motocross riders are parked on a ramp , pumping their fists in the air . a [organization] wheel with carts designed to hold four or more people .
everyone was so excited for the fair . they got to see the musicians play . every one was dressed for the occasion . at the end of the night , they even got to see the motorbike riders . the organization organization spun and spun , no one wanted to go home .
people are walking on the street near a fair . a guy with tattoos is playing the guitar the fair was in the parking lot with blue awnings with color the professional riders are showing off on the ramp . ferris wheel at night that 's very large and lit .
we went to a local fair . there was a free concert that we watched for an hour . we went around the fair and played some of the games . we watched a show involving dirt bikes . it was a lot of fun . the last thing we did was take a ride on the ferris wheel .
people attending the carnival are having funin the sun guitarist playing a set on an outdoor stage people walking in an empty parking lot wearing hats four motocross riders on a ramp acknowledging people . a fherris wheel that has users on it .
the woman gets ready for the group mountain climb . she meets with her friend . they all take a group photo . they then start their hike . they make camp for the night .
a hiker in yellow poses for a photo . a woman in a yellow jacket is speaking to a man in a red jacket . people are posing on gravel at night time a group of people in hiking clothes walking a path in the woods . three men sitting in chairs around a campfire .
last week we went on a hiking trip . we invited everyone we knew . there were a lot of people that showed up . we set off into the wilderness . at night we stopped to make camp and get some rest .
[female] finished her run and was still able to smile . two people in jackets talk happily at night a group of several guys dressed for a hike . a group of people have hiking gear on and they are walking on a trail . three men camping in the woods going through their gear .
the club of hikers decided to take a two day hike up to the location location . they checked their gear and their plan of action before taking off . the club of hikers hiked along the path for 10 hours straight . they set up camp and relaxed and ate before going to bed and continuing the next day . finally , they made it back to their cars after the long hike .
woman with colorful coat and backpack nearby poses for photo . a man talking to a woman in winter coats . a group of people standing and kneeling around . group of hikers ascending a small hill in the fall . three men sitting outdoors at night around a campfire .
the crazy french had their annual crazy car fest . this car mocked [male] armstrong . the horses on these were based on the location location . this little guy told patrons they needed to eat pork . and this device went last and cleaned up the streets with a vacuum .
the van has been wrapped in advertising and has a big ice cream cone on top . the large structure of a man was on top of a yellow car . an image of horses jumping over a car a bright red pig in the street on wheels . a strange car travels down a street among a crowd
i took my food truck to the bike race today . when i got there there were already a lot of other people there . there was another food truck there before me . they were all showing now . i had a lot of competition .
a lavishly decorated van advertises an ice cream treat . a plastic statue of a racer on top of a car group of people outdoors , 1 green car with 3 horses jumping over it a vehicle in the shape of a pig rolls down the street as people watch . antargaz machine moving down a street with people watching
what an exciting day . the tour de france . the floats were amazing . there was a pig . and whatever this thing is !
an ice cream truck tempts all of those whom it passes . the race has started and the cars are coming down three fake horses and their riders on top of small green car . pink pig racing down the road to the finish line . a red float is on the street for a parade
this is our hometown after a tornado hit it . somehow half the church 's roof blew off . giant trees were uprooted . many cars were totaled . the whole town was literally a disaster zone and the streets were blocked .
a silver car got into a wreck , and it is currently upside down on the side of the road , surrounded by dirt and debris . an old church in the process of being torn down . this tree just tipped over and fell during a big windstorm he could n't help but stop the tree in the car was a very surreal memory . the two cars have smashed into each other and are damaged from the storm .
it 's hard to imagine the storm 's fury , unless you see it yourself . this is the church we attend . high winds caused the roof to collapse . a very tall oak tree toppled - it just missed my house . my neighbor 's car was not so lucky . this scene was repeated all over the city . it was a terribly destructive storm .
an upside down , wrecked , silver car next to pile of wood and debris . a house that is in the process of being torn down a large tree is laying on the grass , it has been uprooted a large tree has fallen onto a white car . two cars are in disrepair from an accident
we went to see all the damage from the storm . many trees were down and many cars were damaged . we do n't know what happened here , but hopefully no one was hurt . the local news was on the scene as well . we made it to city hall to see what , if anything , we could do to help .
a grey civic that was in an accident that is now upside doen church building with roof missing has been sectioned off by police . on a sunny day , a huge old tree is upended , showing its roots . bicyclists looking at a tree down on top of a car , with storm damaged houses in the background . several wrecked cars sit in front of a driveway .
the people took a tour of the beautiful home . the landscaping added to the appeal of the home . the architecture was interesting and ornate . the entire plot was lush and beautiful . it was a great home to tour to get a glimpse into 1960 's architecture .
a man has his hands in his pockets near people around steps in front of a house . several potted plants sits in a large garden . a modern is home with mitch fully age all around a balcony that is covered with small trees and plants an old car is parked under a garage by a large mimosa tree .
this is my brothers new house we went to visit and bring a house warming gift . the side yard had a lot of plants and bushes with a bunch of trees . a side view of the house you can catch the lake.it was so beautiful there . my brothers wife loves plants and has a small patio garden near the back door . here is another patio which would be great for bbq 's and other gatherings .
people are standing outside near a building with orange steps potted plants placed on a cement plant stand near trees . green foliage surrounds red patio and house a nice home in a private , wooded setting . a view of somebody 's front lawn or yard .
its time for our landscape reveal party ! fortunately we were able to get some of our grandfathers prized plants from his garden look at our glorious back yard oasis ! the privacy we 've created is astonishing ! look at the beautiful tree blooming by the garage - even the side of the yard is a secret getaway !
several people standing about around a stair case to a entrance for some building . a couple of plotted plants in a garden on a stone bench . a home that is surrounded by live foliage a garden surrounded by a large house in a forest area . a car is sticking out of a garage with greenery in front of the image .
walking to nowhere and everywhere..thinking look at the sun rising , feeling good to be alive . sitting and pondering big thoughts and little thoughs . glorious sun rising how good it feels to be alive . watching the sun rise and seeing shapes in the clouds
guy sanding on the beach wearing jacket and pants this image is dark and relatively gloomy with sun starting to set in the background . a man sitting on a rock looking at the ocean . long streak of sunlight reflected from surface of water near sunset . a person stands out in the ocean under the clouds
walking along the beach brings me peace . the sunset makes me feel calm . i sit and reflect on my life . as the sun sets i know i am okay . i think back on the goodness of life .
a person that is walking across the shore of the beach . sunrise gently lights the beach under the clear sky a man sits contemplatively on the ledge of a cliff overlooking the ocean at sunset . the sun is setting behind a few clouds over the ocean . a person is in the water at the beach .
my friend [male] and i visited the shoreline at sunset one day . we walked along the beach and looked out over the water . [male] perched on a rock and contemplated the mysteries of life . the sun slowly went down over the water , casting gorgeous light over the sea . finally , the sun receded behind the horizon and our day there was done .
a person walking in the wet sand on a beach beautiful overcast sunset evening , shining over the ocean . a man in a beanie sitting on a rock near the ocean . beautiful sunset over the water as the waves gently roll a beach with crashing waves and calm water with a reflection .
the skating team were practicing their routine . as the girls competed , the spectators watched . it was n't all skating , there was sometime for picture taking . do n't they look great . after they competed they got to be spectators , like everyone else . they needed the erst . after all the work , it paid off and the team had won first place . they looked so proud with the trophy .
a group of girls wearing pink and black are ice skating . the group of female ice skaters has formed a circle and are holding hands . young girls in black skirts and pink jackets are posing . people that are gathered for a dance recital on seats in the stadium four young girls in matching pink and black costumes show off their medals and a silver trophy .
the young girl ice skaters are in a line formation . the girls are performing as a group , together . at the end of the performance the girls posed for a picture . they were all happy to receive an award for their performance . the girls took one more picture with their coach and an affiliate of the event .
a group of women are wearing ice skates and posing on the rink several girls in pink outfits skating in a circle . nine adolescent girls in pink lined up in three rows a group of young children wearing pink jackets sit in stadium seats . four girls wearing identical uniforms show off their trophy and medals .
the girls skated onto the ice in one big group . they formed a circle to end their routine . after they left the ice they posed for a group photo . they watched the other teams perform . after all the teams perfomed they were declared the winners .
a group of children standing side by side on the ice rink girls in pink shirts are ice skating in a circle a group of girls pose together at a dancing competition . people are filling some of the seats in bleachers a girl in shiny pink satin shows off her medal as she stands with the other girls .
